>vkw
Get That Bucket Ready
fS
the
f
■M
Exp
Organization Leaders To Attend Banquet Tonioht
(Editorial On Paare 2)
Approximately 126 leaders of student organizations and faculty members interested in those groups will gather this afternoon at 6 o’clock at an all-campus activities banquet in the Union faculty lounge. The banquet is sponsored by the University for the purpose of establishing good fellowship among student activity groups and for correlating the work of all organizations. Each organization has been asked to send
a representative.
Dr. J. E. Walters, director of the engineering personnel bureau, will talk on previous efforts to correlate student activities and the need for such correlation. Ward Stallings, Union activities chairman, will explain the purpose of the composite activities chart which is going to be published the first part of next week and distributed to all students.
Explains Activities
This chart will be published on a double page spread, Exponent size, and will contain information concerning about 100 student organizations, Puirpose and work of each organization, any eligibility/requirements for participating therein, persons who may be contacted by students desiring to enter the organization, and the amount of work demanded by it will be listed on the
chart.
Stallings will preside at the banquet, call upon various activity leaders for comments on the chart, and ask for a general discussion of it. Faculty Members Asked Invitations have been extended to the following faculty members: President’s Assistant, F. C. Hockema. Deans Dorothy C. Stratton and M. L. Fisher, Personnel Director J, E. Walters and Assistant J. N. Davis, Music Director, A. P. Stewart, Playshop Director H. K. Carmichael and Manager J. E. Dietrich. Intramural Sports Director M. L. Clevett, Union Manager L. M. Vallely, Auditor of Student Organizations W. A. Bodden, Debate Coach L. S. Winch, and Prof. C. B. Aiken, of the electrical^engineering school.
d u
VOLUME 49 Lafayette, Indiana Wed., Nov. 17,1937 NUMBER 56
Boilermaker Rooters To Burn 'Miss Indiana' Tomorrow Night At Final Bonfire Pep Rally On Stuart Field Mai Elward, Cec Isbell, Jim Zachary Will Address Pep Session Crowd; Milii'aiy Band Will Lead March North From Memorial Union Building At 7 O'clock
Union ^8 Annual Thanksgiving Show Theme To Follow Old Time Minstrel
ITS
Instruct Freshmen Dean of Men, M. L. Fisher, spoke to approximately 60 senior men counselors at their regular weekly meeting yesterday afternoon in
Stanley Coulter Hall.
Stressing procedures to be followed in approaching freshmen, he emphasized the fact that no counselor should advise a freshman to drop a course without first consulting the doubtful student’s instructor. If the questionable student has other points of contact, these too should be explored as possible sour-
ces of information.
Personnel director J. E. Walters, presiding over the meeting, gave information regarding the average fieshman’s standing and personnel
rating.
Prof. Frank R. Hall of the 'University history department spoke at a meeting of the Otterbein Club at Otterbein last night on the subject of “Constitution Celebration.” “The Eurasian Wars” will be his subject when he addresses the Agapai Women’s Club, November 22.
Entailing a cast of 25 students in addition to Pat Clinton’s campus band, the Student Union’s annual Thanksgiving day production, the Black and Tan Fantasy, is now under production. The show will follow the lines of an old fashioned minstrel vdth lots of music, variety, and gags. A snappy new pony chorus, brighteftied with many new faces, is now rehearsing under the direction of the Sexton sisters. The Sexton sisters, Betty Jo and Rufina, will also put on a specialty dancing act. Juggling Act' Gene Flater is scheduled for a juggling act while other specialties
will be rendered by Bob Skinner, Jerry Ciral, Marge Starrett, Russ Mock, Eve Ruth, Benny Burns, and Don Muller. An ipnd men “quar-toot” composed of veterans Stubby Meier, Dave Thompson, Fred Ahrens, and Tevy Spencer will be responsible for the majority of the gags. Dick Craig will reappear in the role of interlocutor. This year’s show is under the direction of vice-presidents, Millholland and Taylor, while vice-presi-dent Frankie Eastburn is in charge of costumes and make-up.
Cadaver Will Arrive Here This Afternoon
Lights Flash, Cameras Click AsActivityPeppleMob Union
By L. S. Hardin
“Sorry, can’t check it ’till someone checks out. All 864 hangers are full,” grunted sweating Union “checker” Jackson about 8 o’clock
last night.
“Looks like a football game. Why all the cars around here? And the sheiks—^phew!” “Just wait until you get upstairs if you want to see people. Can’t even get through the crpwd around the Debris office and in front of the stairs leading up to the tower room.” ■' Activities Night Yes, it was activities night in the Union and Debris organization group pictures were running only 55 minutes behind schedule. “Does my hair look ^11 idght?” cooed Betty Coed. “I only combed
it in front.”
“Whoops. It’s 160 in •lihe shade —of that blonde’s wide-brimmed
bonnet.”
“And think. I’ve got three tests tomorrow. That’s the way with this —,— Debris. Take your money, get you here, and make you wait all
night.”
But leaning over the rail was a group in a better frame of mind. As ever, the boys around smiling, pipe adorned, comedian Fi*ed Ahrens were havipg a good time. Plenty of Gold Peppet sweaters
too. Look at that gang of co-eds around Debris editors Ehinger and Siebenthal. They know who picks
the beauties.
Not All Smiles
Not all were smiles in the Debris office, though. P]|roofs were back on senior pictures and some were learning the cruel cold facts—the cam-
era doesn’t lie!
“Get your picture with the group now and pay your dollar later,” challenged diminutive ASCE presi-
dent Rose.
Farther down the hall a gang swung into “To with old lU” and a stray, three-legged, dirty pup, escaping from the cold, scurried for
cover.
ASCE’s Time Comes
“The time has come,” someone shouted, and the army of ASCE’s marched on the battery of photographer Allen’s spotlights and cam-
eras.
“Have a banner. Only three more days to get that bucket.” PIA president Bob Schlundt was passing. The immaculately attired crowd thinned. Sticking to the last with the pepsimist who “might get home iri time for breakfast” were a few politicians, not talking politics or passing cigars, but smiling from ear to ear e)l the time.
By I. N. Diana Bloomington, Ind., November 16. —(Special)—^With one last weak, croaking gasp. Miss Indiana passed away late tonight leaving a stricken lU campus hopeless and forlorn. Yellow Jitteritis, dread malady common to those who oppose Purdue, was blamed for her untimely demise. Copious tears flowed from the bloodshot eyes of the lU students as the newsl leaked out from closely guarded sources. The Old Oaken Bucket was soon pressed in to service to stem the flood, but even its staunch oak staves cou^d not divert the tide. Old John Healthy Old John Purdue, in perfect health came to offer his last respects. Rumor has it that the emaciated and fast stiffening corpse of Miss Indiana Football heaved a convulsive sigh when Old John came into the
Purdue Salutes IU In Broadcast Over WBAA Saturday
\
Saluting her sister state University, Indiana, Purdue will give a special broadcast over WBAA this Saturday from 1:30 to 2:00 p. m., the half-hour before the game at Bloomington. This program will be a special edition of “Campus Customs,” which is usually heard Tuesdays at 4:30. History of I U The progi am includes historical notes on Indiana University, a dramatic sketch of scenes at the famous Book Nook, Hoagy Carmichael’s songs, and a recreation of the last 3 minutes of last year’s Purdue-Indiana game, when the score was tied 20-20. The Two G’s (George Weast and Glen Wright) and their campus orchestra; Ralph Lotz, pianist; Harlan Laycock, violinist; and Eight Sharps and a Plat, choral ensemble from Jefferson High School, will be featured in the music specialties.
room. (Still another rumor whispers that Chief Stooge Bo McMillin heaved even more when he saw Old John). Even before the ebb tide of the flood of tears was stemmed, plans were being carried out for the embalming of the cadaver. Purdue students disguised with high voices and white shoes to seem like native lU men, smuggled the body out to the edge of town. Cremation At Pep Session As soon as the thin and spineless corpse can be pumped up with embalming juice, it will be put in a casket. The casket will be sealed in a boiler for shipping, and the body will reach Lafayette Wednesday afternoon. A flowery bier 1ms been arranged in the Union Building so that the body may lie in state until its cremation at the pep session Thursday night.
Commercial Solvents Corporation, which has for the past two and one-half years sponsored a research program in the University chemistry department, has recently approved the addition of J. A. Patterson to the group of fellowship men financed by the company, working under the direction of Prof. H. B.
Hass.
Patterson’s investigations were found to be applicable to the purification and chemical utilizatiofi of one of the by-products of a process operated by Commercial Solvents, and they arranged for him to carry on research work for them.
All the shoutin’, whistlin’, screamin’, cussin’, fumin’, cheerin’ energy of Purdue’s Boilermaker backers will come to a head tomorrow night when the campus gets its last chance of the season to rally ’round a bonfire and show its team which side
had better win.
The pep parade will form in front of the Union tomorrow night at 7 o’clock. With the Purdue Military Band leading the march in full force, the pep session will advance to Upper Stuart Field.
Incineration Of Miss Indiana “Miss Indiana” will ride in her casket in the old Phi Kappa Sig horse-drawn hearse, with the mob following to the scene of her ignoble
incineration.
Mai Elward, acting head coach will speak. Cec Isbell, and ^is chief pass-catcher Jim Zachary will tell the crowd just how Purdue will “Get That Bucket.” Gimlet President Glenn Brown requested last night that fraternities send freshmen to get wood for the bonfire tomorrow aftenoon. Gimlet members and Skull and Crescent men are helping with the pep session arrangements. Frosh Green Potters Will Eled Officers In Armory Tomorrow Green Potters, an organization for all freshmen, will hold annual nominations and elections in the west half of the Armory tomorrow from 7 until 8 p. m. under the auspices of Skull and Crescent, sophomore men’s honorary. Freshmen may enter the Armory by presenting their passports, and at the same time they will receive a ballot for the elections. The officers to be elected are the president, vice-president, and secretary. Nominations will be made from the floor, and following a preliminary ballot, three men for each office will be selected for the final
balloting.
Gene gellams Will Play At Pi Beta PhVs Formal Pi Beta Phi sorority will give their pledge dance as the first formal Greek affair of the year in the Union ballroom Friday night. Gene Kellams will bring his 10-piece band from Franklin College to play for the af-
fair.
Kellams will appear with Dorothy Robards, his featured singer, who is also known to radio station WFBM listeners. Kellams’ band was organized on the Franklin College campus five years ago, and has been playing at Indiana University every week recently. This is Kellams’ first appearance at Purdue.
Livestock Display Will Open Tonight In Judging Pavilion Seventy-eight head of Umversity grown and groomed livestock will be displayed for public inspection at the annual “Little International” show starting at 7:30 tonight in the Livestock Judging Pavilion. The affair is sponsored by Hoof and Horn Club, organization of animal husbandry students, in cooperation with members of the animal hus-
bandry staff.
Animals to be displayed tonight are these which will be shown at the International Exposition in ChP* cago, November 27 to December 4. All fat livestock, the group will be made up of 13'fat steers, 45 hogs,
and 20 wethers.
Animals will be brought into the arena, paraded around for publicinspection, and a few words of explanation will be given through the
public address system.
Admission is free to all students, townspeople, and faculty members
c?iring to attend.
Firestone Co. Will
E. W. Oldham of the Technical Division of the Firestone Tire and Rubber Company, Akron, O., will be at the University next Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday, to interview chemical, mechanical engineering, and science seniors concerning factory control, production control, and ^production development. Those interested in this type of work with the Firestone Company may sign up in the office of their school heads. The head of the school will select from those who sign up a special group to interview Oldham. Those so selected will be called by the Personnel Office for
interviews.
Receiye$ AppoinfmenfBruce S. Mars, Agriculture ’24, has been appointed supervisor in charge of the Chicago office. Bureau of Agricultural Economics, United States Department of Agrri-
cultur^.
' ' ■ ■ .. .... -- Senate Gets Student Convo Ideas
Exponent Sophomores All sophomores regularly enrolled on the Exponent publication staff report for short meeting tomorrow at 4:10 p. m. in Union office to arrange schedules. If you cannot be present, instruct sopie one who is coming, of your work night preferences—all six. —Brock.
By R. L. Keck “What do students think about convocations?” Student Senators asked themselves last September, as they appointed a committee, headed by Paul Cooper, to investigate the situation. Picking 300 names at random from the student directory, the new Senate Convocation Committee began a series of personal and telephone interviews, asking questions and soliciting suggestions. “What type of musical convocation do you prefer?” they inquired. “What would you like for lecture subjects ? ' “What new kind of convocation would you like to see scheduled?' How many convos did you attend last year?”
Senators asked these pertinent questions expecting to find students bored with the 'classical’ or ‘heavy’ atmosphere of the present programs. They wanted to get the campus' ideas and suggestions for improving convos. To their surprise, however, most of the students seemed iwell satisfied with the programs as they now are. Only 37 per cent said the musical convos were too ‘classical.’ Most persons showed preference for symphony orchestras; did not like operas and singers as well. Average 3.7 Convos Along statistical lines it was discovered that the average ed and co-ed found time to attend 3,7 con-
vocations last year. Many of these wanted convocations of a popular musical nature, with orchestras such as Fred Waring and Hal Kemp. Convocations consisting of campus talent exclusively was another rather popular suggestion. Nearly all of those interviewed preferred travel lectures, some wanting motion pictures, others lectures by famous world explorers. Lectures on current problems were also wellliked. '' The main suggestion for improving present convos touched upon the problem of seating and acoustic facilities. Objection was strong to having convos in Jeff Gym; the new Fieldhouse was offered as f substitute.1^
WWWIKilNIWIWIi
^ (
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wedneedoy. November 17,1937
This Evening’s Activity
. banquet is an offspring of the one given last spring by Dr, J. E. Walters, director of engineering personnel, and will carry on the work for which the latter was planned: the correlation of student activities on the University campus.
Previous efforts had been initiated to bring campus organizations into closer working relationship, but somehow they did not endure. The old Activities Council, set up to esta.blish coordination among activities, was abolished a year ago because it had become inactive.
Dr. Walters saw the need for correlation— pe'rmanent correlation—of student activities and so gave a banquet to activity leaders last May. Seeds sown at that time have grown into another, a large scale, attempt at coordination of the activities.
First step in launching the present drive for coordination, the publication of a mass chart including information on all organizations, has been on its way for several weeks. This double page chart, containing material gathered from organization presidents by Union Vice President L. A. Jacobson, is being written up by the Exponent staff, will be printed early next week and one copy distributed to each student on the campus.
Especially designed for freshman, sophomore, and transfer students, the chart will tell of the work done by each student activity and the manner by which the activity may be entered. Eligibility requirements, time required of student participants, the purpose of the activity, and persons who may be seen about entering are being written into the chart.
The chart, the banquet, and following efforts will further a three-fold purpose: aiding new students in entering activities, correlating all campus activities, and giving small organizations more attention than they have heretofore received.
the Purdue Exponent
g^Mocintrd ilrrm ' ' I „ MunnMW ■ HKji
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, tinder the act of ConKress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of iioBtaee provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year: by mail $3.60.
RBPItEBeNTED PON NATIONAU ADVENTIefNO EV
National AdvertisIngService,Inc.
College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave New York N. Y CHICAGO - Boston • Los angelcs - san Francisco
MAIN OFFICE
312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6038
UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chief R. P. Manioxi
Business Manager D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor . J. E. Brock Associate Editors _ D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary . Margaret Sawyer
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Business Manager.
National Advertising Manager Local Advertising Manager
Circulation Manager
J. P. Girard W. J. Gillilan R. R Hensler M. C. Reeves
Editor Associate Editors
CO-ED STAFF Elizabeth Pyke Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin Sally McKee
Editor _ Associate Editors
SPORTS STAFF R F. Obenchain J. S Brown, R L. McDonald, B D. Witwei
This newspaper is written, edited, and_ published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-ton-in-chief
Issue Edtiro—Insley Night Editor—-Stanback Wednesday, November 17, 1937
Most important of the problems to be
solved by tonight’s group is the outline of a program for continuing this year’s efforts to coordinate activities into coming student generations. This program may not be worked out this evening, but some ideas should spring forth to lend permanency to present plans.
By Mary Cooley “Ponies,” used furtively by generations of schoolboys, have taken the mantle of respectability. Interlinear translations of language texts are part of a new method of teaching language advanced by Dr. Meno Spann, Iowa State University German professor. It is outlined in a book, “Interlinear German Reader,” and has been approved by the board of governors of > the University of North Carolina Press at which place it is being printed. Most of the board are faculty members. The reader has printed below each line of German a literal translation.
When co-eds at the University of Washington are through renovating the manners of the masculine contingency on the campus, there won’t be a man who will dare to keep a gifl talking on the telephone more than five minutes when she should be studying. The co-eds are being subtle about the thing though. “It Is Done,” now 1937 edition of the campus etiquette book, is going to be a part of every man’s library if, co-ed sales-girls have anything to say about it. Among the un-Emily Postian thing, Joe College will have called to his attention is the habit of monopilizing the sorority’s only davenport, breaking blind dates, and letting frail co-eds open heavy campus doors all by themselves.
A junior at Ohio State University attended the wrong class. He attended the same wrong class three weeks in a row. He had in fact, attended this class, completed the course and taken a “B” in it two years before. He explained that he had slept through most of the clas-
ses and hadn’t gotten around to buying a text, so—
Three hundred thirty-seven gallons of apple butter have been made in the kitchens of Glenville State Teachers’ College in West Virginia. This allows each student 1,438 teaspoons or two teaspoonsful per slice of bread—if the student consumes 719 slices of bread during the year.
The “half-faced test” popularized by a leading cosmetic house, came into its own during rat week at Mercer College. Freshmen women had to appear one day with their hair done up in plaits and make-up on one side of the face only.
Etching By Policy Is ^Alumnus ^ Cover
Fredrick Policy’s etching of the Civil Engineering Building graces the cover of the November issue of the “Purdue Alumnus,” which appeared on the campus today. One of the featured articles deals with the new faculty members, presenting short stories about many of them. Another article, by Robert Woodworth, acting athletic director, gives a rather complete survey of the first five football games played this season. OtheT stories deal with the enrollment increase and the program of the Red Cross as connected with the campus. Along with these feature articles are thfe. regular columns, dealing with campus and alumni alfairs.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Debris Group Sittings Schedule
Organization pictures for the 1938 Debris will be taken Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday, Nov. 16-18, from 7:00-9:00 p. m. All arrangements have been made so that every organization will be photographed
on these three evenings.
The groups will be formed in the corridor outside the Debris office where they will be conducted to the tower room at the appointed tim/e.
WEDNBEtDAY. NOVEMBER 17
7 :09 Hoof and Horn
7:06 Ceree
7:10 AIpli* Zeta 7:16 Ai^IcnltOrist
7 ;20 Zonavee
7:86 Cadet Offiecn’ Lnnebeon Comm
1-M POMU
7 -36 Scabbard and Blade 7-40 PIA 7 :46 Purdue Independent 7:60 Purdue Engineer 7 :&5 Alpha Lambda Delta 8:00 Debris flditorial Sophs 8:06 Debris Business Sophs 8:10 Debru Photography Sophs 8:1B Student Union Workers 8:20 Student Union Workers 8 -26 Exponent Editorial Workers 8:30 Exponent Editorial Workers 8:36 Exponent Business Workers 8:40 Skull and Crescent 8:46 Forestry Club 8 :B0 Forestry Club 8:66 Xi Sigma Pi 9 -00 Sportswomen THURSDAY, NOVEMBER 18 7 :00 Cosmopolitan Club 7 :06 Phi Mu 7 .10 Playshop Board 7:16 Alpha Phi Omega 7 :20 WBAA 7 :2B Triton Club
Women’s
Athletics
Bowling Kappa Alpha Theta and PIA bowling teams will meet in the finals of the co-ed bowling tournament which will be held in the Union bowling alleys at 7 o’clock Thursday evening November 18. This game will complete the co-ed tournament which has been in progress for the past several weeks. Bernadine Barnes, Edith Herman, Mattie McWilliams, Margaret Maxwell and Lois Mills will bowl for PIA. Members of the Theta team are Janet Decker, Lucille Dobson, Mary Margaret Klepper, Alice Newton, and Vivian Phelps. Hockey WAA hockey activities will be climaxed today (weather permitting) when the Gold and Black squads will clash in the All-Star game at 4 o’clock on the Women’s Athletic Field. Barbara Dobson, who has been in charge of the season’s hockey activities, announced the team personnel last night. The Black squad is composed of Jean Campbell, captain, Jean Bailey, Barbara Cook, Jo Cook, Barbara Dobson, Margaret Jenkins, Elizabeth Maier, Mary Anne Reimann, Barbara Roderick, Betty Spears, Jane Stickler, Rosemary Vandivier, and Georgia Walker. Members of the Gold squad are Mabel Campbell, captain, Virginia Blank, Sally Bouton, Marie Brewer, Mary Ellyne Deleplane, Lela Gabler, Mary Mathers, Marilyn McKnight, Kathryn Merritt, Janette Shaffer, Pauline Swick, Isabel Weishaar, and Ruth Wiley.
M.R.Keefe,CE'02Jo
Address ASCE Tonight
M. R. Keefe, chief engineer of the State Highway Department, will address members of the American Society of Civil Engineers tonight at 7:30 in room 201 of the Civil Building. Keefe, CE ’02, is also affiliated with the Ulen Corporation, of Lebanon, the largest construction company in the United States. He will tell of his experiences as chief engineer in repairing the Adrian Aqueduct in Athens, Greece, while in the service of that company. The talk will be illustrated by slides.
IN RESPONSE Dear “Curious Girl:” ^ Your letter interests me strangely, but before I volunteer to help you, promise me one thing: you’ll split the divvy with me. If I can locate this Delt who recently fell heir to a cool three-quar-ters of a million. I’ll let you know and see if I can’t arange an introduction for you. But let it be understood that I get half of everything you “gold-dig” out of him. Calculatingly yours, » The Editor. P. S. Listen sister, the idea I want to get across is, I don’t wanta be Delt out of any jack you get with my aid.
MIXUP “Little Robbie” Reid, self-styled Romeo, got into a bit of a mixup over dates to the Barnyard Frolic . . . of the outcome of which found a freshman calling up to break one of the dates because “Little Robbie” was so jittery he couldn’t hold the telephone receiver.
He made one date tentatively, and another one later which he forgot aboutr He got the first date out of bed because she hadn’t expected to go with him, and half-way to the dance remembered about the other date . . . and then went into a blue funk, out of which the kind freshman had to help him.
If you need dates “broken” in the future, “Robbie” my boy, the B-&-B date-breaking service will be glad to oblige.
Murder will out as will scandal .. so little by "little, as it seeps out, we
will publish the lowdown on the senior inspection trips of last week.
The most pertinent scandal yet received' concerns Bill Ashy Sig flash. If you want to know particulars, consult Dick Craig who will be glad, if disgusted, to give an illustrated lecture on the subject, “Don’t Go Out with Bill Ash Unless You Have Police Protection and Have the strength of an ox.”
Betty Wickard had a grood idea for this coiumn so she’s our guest conductress for today.
Corsages are the source of much worry and irritation, both to the recipient and to the donor. When and what to give have puzzled even the most inveterate prom-trotter. Those eds who have received bids to co-ed affairs such as sorority dances are not expected to give corsages, although they are acceptable, of course. During the formal season which starts at Purdue with the Military Ball and ends after Prom, corsages are given for most fraternity dances and other formal affairs.
What to give seems to be the most difficult problem of all, for nowhere is good taste shown so- much as in the selection of the right corsage. And always, dear eds, ask the girl what kind of dress she plans to wear. If you are still in a quandary, then it is a good idea to ask her also what flowers she prefers. Your extra trouble will pay double dividends in satisfaction both for yourself and your date. \
Another item, which may be surprising to most corsage givers, is that the largest corsages are not necessarily the most appreciated. The flowers must be in good taste and appropriate for the dress.
D
UKE UNIVERSITY
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE DURHAM, N. C.
Four terms of eleven weeks are given each year. These may be taken consecu-
tively (grraJuation in three and one-
three terms may be
quarter years) or
taken each year (graduation in four years). The entrance requirements are intelligence, character and at least two years of college work, including the subjects specified for Grade A medical seliMla. Catalogues and application forms may be obtained from the Dean.
“A good poke in the jaw is the best way to handle a dame like yours, Mac!”
University Calendar
Playshop: Rehearsal in the Union Building tower room at 4 p. m. Lafayette Life Insurance: Dinner in the peasant room of the Union at 6:30 p. m. Eta Kappa Nu: Meeting in room F of the Union at 7 p. m. Little International: At th^ Judging Pavilion at 7 p. m. Horticultural Club: Meeting in room 202 of the Horticulture Building at 7 p. m. Religious Council: Meeting in room C of the Union at 7 p. m. Rho Delta Sorority: Meeting in the reception room of the Union at 7 p. m. ASCE: Meeting in loom 201 of the
imma
-LAST DAY—
—STARTING TOMORROW—
BORIS KARLOFF
“West of Shanghai’ and CESAR ROMERO
‘Dangerously Yours’
-LAST DAY—
CANTOR
with all ihott mtrry-making ontortainari i
TONY MARTIN ROLAND YOUNG JUNE LANG LOUISE HOVICK
STARTING TOMORROW
Brian Aherne Olivia DeHavUland
“THE GREAT GARRICK”
Civil Engineering Building at 7:15 p. m. Orchesis: Meeting in the Women’s Gymnasium at 7:30 p. m.
mmsf-
—LAST DAY— BRUCE CABOT
“BAD GUY” —PLUS— CLAIRE TREVOR
‘One Mile From Heaven’
Thursday - Friday - Saturday FRANKIE DARRO
‘Anything for a Thrill” —and— NORMAN KERRY
“Phantom of Sante Fe”
ARC
-Last Day—
•rtt * -je dele'**''®,
BETTY FURNESS plus
Rin-Tin-Tin, Jr.
“THE TEST” also Cgirtoon “The Runt’
—TODAY— 2—FIRST RUN HITS—2
^Starts THURSDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
JACK OAKIE ANN SOTHERN in SUPER SLEUTH Also STREET SCENE with SYLVIA SIDNEY Wm. collier. JR.,, , V i * Tj.::- , V -g ^ r^ I ' •''-' '‘''' -’ '^\'i li'- ’'"fsj
Wedtiped^'
TH£ raSDUE EXPOfiENT aamsaasBBgasscmmammasasxsBBssBssBssi
Match Last Year's 20 To 20 Thriller
Scores Mean Nothing
M Purdue, Hoosiers l‘ Prepare For Grid Tilt Once again the time has rolled around for all true and loyal Boilermakers to turn their thoughts ahead to that epochal saga of the grid season, that annual Hoosier civil war, the Purdue-Indiana game. This unpredictable contest, for which dope sheets and form charts mean nothing, where past performances and comparative scores are not even considered, finds both teams looking upon themselves as underdogs. The riveters are cautious because, although Indiana has not had such a startling season, they were able to pull Ohio State out of a tie for first place honors in the Big Ten and have been impressive even in the games they have lost. Indiana Doubtful Our downstate competitors, on the other hand, believe that Purdue has been getting a bad deal in breaks and are one of the most potent elevens in the middle west, so take your choice as to your favorite. In this series which has turned out to be one of the oldest and most avid rivalries in the country, a survey of past games shows the Crimson trailing Purdue in the number of games won, 13 to 21. Five of the contests have ended ip tie scores. Having set a long established precedent of wild and thrilling exhibitions of football prowess, this meeting of the two teams has become an annual assurance of fast action. Pre-game interest has again come to the fore and at the present there are less than 1,000 tickets left for the game, and officials expect the stadium to be sold out before game time.
Mentor
“Bo” McMillin, coach of the Crimson started the season with only mediocre prospects of developing another one of his well balanced teams, but through the course of the season he has been able to mold one of the strongest elevens in the Middle West.
Make it a point to try the Grill Lounge the next time you seek a Satisfying Breakfast The Grill Lounge is a Convenient Comfortable place to meet your friends. JhsL fiuhdiuL Tnjufw^dtxL lAniofL \ Comer of the Campus~~Yet the Center of Activiiies
Three Mere Days To Get That Bucket
By Dick Obenchain Last night we tramped over to the ATO house to interview Andy Grant who is occupying the 'spotlight for today—by request of “A Camphs Co-ed’* ... We climbed up to the Boilermaker guard’s room (with a Kappa exposure) on the top floor of the house ■. . . And there we got into one of the best bull sessions with Andy and his roommate. Woody Knorr, that we have had for a long time . . . —^fc— Andy is one of Purdue’s hard luck boys . . . He’s been confined to the hospital 13 times since he first entered school four years ago . . . This year injuries have been a great handicap to Andy, who spent a good deal of his time on -the bench because of a leg injury . . . —fc—j He first hurt his ankle in the Ohio State game and again in the Northwestern tussle . . . He showed us the scar of this injury—five stitches long-—and another from last year which is measured in feet rather than stitches . . . But he has been resting this week and, although Mai Elward is of a contrasting opinion,, believes that he will be able to start in the Indiana game. —^fc— During the course of our talk, we found'^that Andy played basketball, football, track, and baseball in high school at Terre Haute . . . He was captain in both football and basketball during both his junior and senior years . . . Here at Purdue, Andy has confined his activities mainly to to football, with a little basketball thrown in . . . —^fc— After football is over, Andy, with Cec Isbell, Jim Zachary, Clem Woltman, and another lad from Lafayette is going to play on a basketball team which will play in the various towns around this part of the country. ^ Phi Sigma Kappa Initiates Phi Sigma Kappa, social fraternity, announces the formal initiation of Wayne Fisher, Wolcottville, and Jerome Collins, Huntingburg.
Elect Bodeau Squad Capt. In a meeting last Monday night Art Bodeau, Boilermaker cross country ace, was chosen to captain the harriers next year. Bodeau, a standout during the last season, garnered three firsts and two seconds in six dual meets. A junior mechanical, he is a member of the Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity and also a candidate for Sigma Delta Psi, national honorary athletic fraternity. / The prospects are bright for the hariers next fall as there were no seniors on the team the past year. The AAU meet has been taken from t|ie schedule, thus closing the season for the Boilermakei’s. However, all cross country men will keep up a light practice to stay in shape for indoor track. Fraternity Basketball Tournament Scheduled To Start November 29 Interfraternity basketball, as the next sport on Chief Clevett’s intramural program, is scheduled to start November 29, in the new Fieldhouse. This sport, although on a purely amateur basis, is one of the outstanding events on the intramural schedule, due to the fact that a number of good basketball players who do not make the varsity are on the fraternity lineups. Phi Psi’s Present Champs In last year’s contest, the Phi Psis defeated the Sig Pi’s, 24 to 14, to win the championship and the coveted trophy. Each of these teams reached the finals after a series of hardfought victories. This year’s league will be divided into two sections. The first group, which will have six teams in the finals, will be comprised of the 24 leading fraternity teams of last season. In the second division will be the 11 teams that stood lowest in last season’s play, with two of the teams going to the finals. Practice schedules for the entering teams have been arranged and practice games will start in the new Fieldhouse next Tuesday.
Star Kicker
When Scouting for a Coat
Come in and look at the Season’s Popnlar, Mackinaw Found in all colors: Light and Dark. Reasonably priced at: *8-5« «.d *10"* DEWENTER’S 416 Main Street
Qr£OAlGr£ George “Sparky” Miller, Indiana’s fiery center, whose kicking will be'matched against that of “Cec” Isbell in Saturday’s “Bucket” tilt. Miller’s field goal from the 13-yard line saved the day for the Crimson against Iowa last week.
TOUCHBALL
—Today— Field 4— Kappa Sigma or Phi Kappa Tau ys. Phi Pi Phi or TKE—Billings. 5— Delta Chi or TEP vs. Phi Kappa Sigma or ATO.—Captain. 6— Beta Theta Pi or SPE vs. Alpha Chi Rho—Juillard. 7— Sigma Chi vs. Pi Kappa Alpha —^Leppla. 8— Cary Hall N-3 vs. E-2—Kerber, 9— Cary Hall N-2 vs. E-1—Wallace 10—Cary Hall N-1 vs. Annex—Boyd
Badger Game Shows Score Doesn't Affect Boilermaker Fight Every once in a while some one is heard sajfing, “Purdue can play all right as long as they are out in front, but once they get behind in the score they fold up.” Whatever the facts were that such sayings were based on in the past, they were definitely shown to''be erroneous last week. Against Wisconsin last Saturday after the Badgers had jumped into a 7 to 0 lead by virtue of a fumble recovered in the end zone, a “break” that might have completely demoralized a lesser crew, Purdue came raging back with a versatile attack that netted a 7 to 7 tie against a foe that had devoted two full weeks to preparation for the game. Cec Isbell Stars The brilliant all-around performance of Cecil Isbell, who turned in perhaps the greatest game of his colorful career, provided one of the many highlights of the Badger battle. Cecil not only tossed a prodigious 50 yard pass to Jim Zachary for a touchdown, but averaged 40 yards from the line of scrimmage on punts; averaged five yards a crack on z-unning plays from scrimmage, and twice stopped Badger touchdown threats with his hard, clean tackling on defense. Standard Transformer Company Employs Haig Standard Transformer Company of Warren, 0., announces that L. W. Haig, EE ’15, is acting in the capacity of chief engineer. G. O. Hendee, EE ’34, is Haig’s assistant and is designing engineer for this firm, which was formerly known as the Packard Transformer Company.
SPECIAL TRAIN
TO
BLOOMINGTON AND RETURN ACCOUKT FOOTBALL GAME PURDUE VS. INDIANA SATURDAY, NOVEMBER 20 SCHEDULE—GOING Leave Lafayette 8*30 A. M. Arrive Bloomington 11:15 A. M. SCHEDUI^E—RETURNIHG Leave Bloomington i 6:00 P. M. Arrive Lafayette 8:45 P.M.
$0.00
ROUND
TRIP
Tickets good going on special train, also on all regul^ir trains, 11 a. m. Friday to 11 a. m. Saturday. Tickets good returning on special train, also on all regular trains to and including No. 6, Monday. Make Parlor Car Reservations Now. For further information call L. D. WOOD, Ticket Aaent Phene «101
MDNDN ROUTE
’ i' A 1SW' J
‘ 'it.
November 'Engineer'
Shows Page Increase
An increa‘!e of foui pages over the Octobei issue, maiks the Noveinbei numbei of the Purdue Engineer, which made its fiist appealance on the campus yestei day An illustiated spiead on “Mechanical Aspects of Die Casting” fills two facing pages in the middle of the magazine The aiticle was wiitten bj S 0 Millei ME ’38, whose fathei 1^ piesident of a die casting concei n and an authoi ity on the subject “An Conditioning” is discussed in a featuied alumni aiticle by N Weinstein ME ’31 “An Engineeimg Foiiim” depaitment this month fills thiee pages with discussions and ilhistiations of latest eiigineeinig developments
W^ednesdaj, November 17
11 00—Ameiican Institutions, Pi of Robeit Phillips 11 50—Puidue News Flashes 12 00—Faim Facts foi Faim Folks 12 15-—Luncheon Dance Time 12 30—Spoits Review by Bob Heme 12 45—Wanita Wilson, sopiano 1 00—Meditations, Di Claude Young 1 15—Vocational Guidance— Di Clayton U Baiabe 1 30—Keeping Ahead of the Joneses 1 4b—Maiket and Weathei Repoits 2 00—Lafayette Giade School Program 2 15—This Week m Liteiatuie A. R Rolfs 2 30—You and Youi Child 2 45—Cathedial Echoes—Mis Iivm Jackson 3 00—The Home Decorator. 3 15—The American Scene 3 30—Music with the Masteis 4:00—The Story Book Hour 4‘15—Maijorie Staiiett, Populai Melodies 4 30—Bettei Vision Progiam 4 45—Twilight Musicale.
Meredith Club To See Feshion Show, Movie Viigifiia C. Meredith Club will open its weekly meeting tonight at 7 30 with a shoit discussion of the new membeis drive which was begun the fiist of this month The discussion, which is to be held in the faculty lounge of the Union, will be uiidei the supervision of Nina DeWitt, piesident of the club Following the discussion, a fashion show will be piesented under the sponsoiship of Loeb and Hene’s depaitment stoie. To climax the meeting, a movie entitled “The Symphony of Fashion” will be shown
THE POBDQE
be held following: the picture.
RANDALL.
Hrdraulicil (C.R. 41) i An examination for tho removal of C graded will be given in Room 208, Civil Engineering Building, on November 27tli, from 1 to 4 p. m. Students who intend to take the examination should notify the undersigned prior to November —GRBVE
Purdue Flying Club: There is one share in ship available Call 3053 —CONWAY
Cosmopolitan Club: Short meeting immediately after Debris gtoxip picture November 19 in loom D of the Union Building —CARACCIOLO
WAA Piactice game November 18, at 4 m for girls going to Chicago for Hockey Play Day —DOBSON
WAA Hockey All-Star teams to play November 17 at 4 00 —DOBSON
PIA The beginning dance class will meet November 18 at 7 30 p m in the Union Inllioom —CLYMER
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
Scabbard and Blade Group pictures for the 1938 Debris will be taken November 17, at 7 36 p m in tower room of Union All members both active and pledges will attend in formal uniform —BAALS
Agriculturist—All members and workers on staff, please come to tower room in the Union Building November 18 at 7 30 p m -TINGSLBY
FOR RENT—Rooms fox 3 students 434 Littleton
Zouaves All members and pledges report to the Union Building at 7 00 p m November 17 for Debns picture Formal uniforms with white shirts will be worn by everyone —VANDERFORD
FOR SALE—Remington poitable typewiitei. Good as new Reasonable 434 Littleton.
Playshop Paint Crew Eveiyone interested in painting scenery for Playdhop leport to sub basement November 17 at 4 p m —CROMER
WANTED—Roommate foi Ag student Near Ag campus Single beds 21 Umveisity stieet
STUDENTS WANTED—To do slide lule calculations 40 cents an houi See Mi Lutz in room 134 of the Electiical Building at 4 p m Thursday
LOST—‘Art in Eveiyday Life,’ by Goldstein, gold tuangulai pm with numeials 1915 stamped Call 4961
Triton Club Will the following people report in the tower room of the Union November 18 at 7 25 p m for the Triton Club picture D Bates J Burton J Campbell B Cook Cook M Dicks J Fickel, I Forsburg, _ George B Granger, W Grouse M Halmond R Hauptli M Hagemeyer P Hearing M Helm M Holton E Hunter, Johnson A Jorgeson, A Laugheed, M Long M Mathes, M Miller Mary Moore J Morris K Mounce J Nicholson N Phillips R Randall M Riemann M L Riley B Roderick, G Roe, Shewalter M Shafer M Siebert Betty Smith, B Spears A Suloat, H Steffee E Tubbs G Walker M White S Yonover —WALKER
LOST — Red mackinaw thieequaitei length coat Disappeaied fiom Union Cafeteiia Call 76602
Notices
No Not c,.a Accepted AfUr 8 p m
Boilermaker Yell Boi-lei-mak-ei Rah Rah Rah Rah Boi-ler-mak-ei Rah Rah Rah Rah Boi-ler-mak-er Rah Rah Rah Rah Ssssbsssssssssss Boom Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh PURDUE
Conditional Students: Examinations for the removal of conditions in ME 31 and ME 61 will be given December 4 at 1 p m in room SOI of the Mechanical Engineering Building Any student wishing to take this test must see me before November 27 —MESSERSMITH
Prom and Gala Week Committees: Secure petitions at Senate office, room A 4
6pm until November 23
—ELLIOTT
to
WAA Hockey Conference. Girls going to Chicago November 20 for conference meet in Women’s Gym at 11 a m Saturday —BRADY
t Camera Club
Meeting November 17 —SAMUELSON
CE 6 and CE 10 (Catnp): Examinations for the removal of conditions will be held in CE 101 December 4 at 1 p. m Get per mits in CE 102 before December 1 —TODD
Alpha Lambda Delta. Group picture will be taken November 17 at L 66 in the tower room of the Union Building A meeting will
»the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S
Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everytiung for ■ College Education H. G. REISNER
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Ginic DB. PAUL A. BISK DB. HABOLD J. BISK DB. BOBBBT G. BISK BB. LUTHBR A BISK 4th & Main Phtme 5701
— Locksmith
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths
Automobile key and leek serrlee enr specialty. L. C. N, Daor doper IHstribators
209-211 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE
PAINTS FLOOR WAX
J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
Florist
fiojth ^loALii
Inc.
C35 Main St. in Lnna Theatre Bnildlng
Phone 7955--805t
Beauty Studio —
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE
Co-ed Spedals, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
Alpha Lambda Delta: Group picture will be taken November 17 at 7:66 n m. in the towdr room of |he Meinorial Unidn Huilding
Business meeting will foUow.
—^j;AS^^DALL
ne'^icnlture- Society: ipt^re will be meeting of the Horticulture Society November 17 at 7:80 p m on the third floor of the Horticulture Building —DOTY
Purdue Engineer: Entire freshman and sophomore staff meet at the Engineer office at 7 30 p m November 17 —GILBERT
^Sports Women: Wear P sweaters for the Debris pictures November 17 at 9 p m —TUBBS
WAA Hockey: Report for All-Star game November 17 at 4 p m Gold Squad—Mabel Campbell, captem, Viiginia Blank, Sally Bouton, Mane Brewer Mary Ellyne Delaplane, Lela Gabler, Maiy Mathers, Marilyn McKnight Kathryn Merritt, Janette Shaffer Pauline Swick, Isabel Weishaar, and Ruth Wiley Black Squad Jean Campbell, captain, Jean Bailey, Barbara Cook, Jo Cook, Barbara Dobson, Margaret Jenkins, Elisabeth Maier, Mary Anne Reimann, Barbara Roderick, Betty Spears, Jane Stickler, Rosemary Vandivier, and Geoigia Walker —TUBBS
Union Committees. WjH ou*" committees
Wi
report to the workshop/at 4pm Novem-
bei 17
—GARLAND, SAMUELSON
Camera Club Meeting in tower room of the Union Building at 7 p m November 17 —SAMUELSON
Sophomore Union Workers All available workers report to workshop after 1 p m Novembei 17 —JACOBSON
Independent Staff November 18 at 7 p
Meeting in PIA office m Bring string books —MEACHAM
Theta Alpha Phi Important meeting for all members November 17 at 4 p m in room D of the Memorial Union Building —EVERETT
WAA Riflery Ward 3 practice November 17 at 6 16 p m make-up at 7 p m Theta at 7 45 p m Pi Phi at 8 30 p m —CHRISTENSON
Alpha Phi Omega Debris pictures will be taken on November 18 at 7 15 p m in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building There will be a short business meeting immediately following in room F —MOORE
Alpha Zeta Debns pictures postponed until 7 40 p m November 18 —UNDERWOOD
^'N open l*IES3AGf
TO THE STUDENTS OF PURDUE
I 'i
Lafayette’s newest and most moder^ jewelry store invites y W to op^m a Budget account. There is no extra charge or interest of any kind — no waiting.
We feature only nationally known Watches, Diamonds, Silverware and Jewelry. We suggest that you make yonr Christmas selections now.
Open a Budg^et Account Pay $1.00 a Week
Mr. H. J. Rayle is our student representative—Dial 7014 or see him on the campus.
with a smoker when he finds out about Chesterfields
Smokers like that Chesterfield TASTE and sure as shootin* they’re MILDER
Barbers —
MODEL BARBER mor 222 No. Sth Street Laffiyette ’’TRBBB GOOD BABBiSRS'
Ch
tiQpnT & Myku Tobmco Co.
U
i