\ , i
n
Students To Air Ideas For Inventions Morgan,
At Clinic Tomorrow In Puttering Shop Band Will Play
leads’ Day Tickets
Second invention and industrial design clinic will be held at 7:30 tomofrow evening in the puttering shbp in the sub-basement of the Union. The clinic, which is held every Thursday evening, is conducted by C. P. Boester, head of the University housing research, who is an architect and an inventor. Need Men With Ideas All students with ideas for inventions in the fields of engineering, agriculture and the sciences are invited to attend the clinic, which takes the form of a round-table discussion. Boester is particularly interested in those students who have
creative minds and practical ideas which may result in financial remuneration for them. Everything Furnished All equipment for drawing plans and making models will be furnished. Advice on the possible market values of student ideas and on the method of registering patents will also be given. Regular .attendance at the Thursday evening meetings is not required, but all Interested students are especially invited to attend tomorrow’s meeting to find out the possibilities of the clinic, p.g.h.
Friday Evening
“Music in the Morgan Manner” will be featured at the mixer to be held in the Union ballroom Friday night. Dancing will be from 9 to 12 p. m.; the admission price will be $1.60. * Russ Morgan has appeared in many of the outstanding hotels and ballrooms during his lengthjy career as an orchesti’a leader. His present orchestra has been featured at the Biltmoi'e Hotel in New York, the Pennsylvan^ Hotel in New York, the Chez Paree in Chicago and
Tickets for seats In the special Dads’ section for the Michigan State game Saturday are still available. The block being sold includes Sections 4 and 5, located between the 30 and 40 yard lines on the Michigan State side. There are 300 tickets available in Section 4.
Campus Parties Propose For Annual Green Potters Student Senate To Supervise
f^olls In Exhibit Room Will R^m^iii
Dr, W, L, Bryan fe//s Of History-Making Hoosiers At Historical Society Dinner
By Dave Glass Dr. William Lowe Bryan, president emeritus of Indiana University, who spoke here Monday night at the annual Tippecanoe County Historical Society dinner, is a man who probably knew more of the famous men of Indiana than any other man alive today. His speech on “Some History Making Hoosiers I Have Known,” contained many intimate tales of men famous in the history of Indiana. Knew Every Governor Dr. Bryan has known every governor of Indiana for the past forty years, and is personally acquainted With nearly all of the Purdue men who have become famous in the past half century. He has been acquainted with every president of this University since the school was first organized. Dr. Richard Owen, the first president, was a former member of the faculty of Indiana University, and a personal friend of Dr. Bryan. Dr. Winthrop E. S'tohe, another of the former University presidents, 1900-21, was also a friend of Dr. Bryan and was a member of the State Board of Education with him. Pi’esident Elliott is also well acquainted with Dr. Bryan. Rivalry: Only On Field In regard to the rivalry between the two universities, Dr. Bryan said that this spirit is confined only to
the field of sports and should not be allowed to leave that field. Off the football field, the schools have maintained a strictly friendly relationship and have cooperated a number of times in major undertakings. Several years ago a number of alumni from both schools held meetings in Indianapolis to try to better the feeling between the two universities, but the pre-game sentiment seems to have withstood all their efforts. Co-Operative Books An example of the cooperation between the two schools is furnished by the number of books that have been published by members of the faculties of the two universities working together as co-authors. On the whole,'•Dr. Brya^i feels that the spirit of rivalry between the two schools is a good things and should not be condemned until it gets out of bounds and causes genuine hard feeling, as has been the case in certain eastprn universities. Dr. Bryan has studied in Berlin, Paris, and Wurzburg, - and holds honorary degrees from many American universities. An alumnus of lU, he taught Greek and philosophy there before becoming vice-presi-dent and then president of the university. He retired in 1937 after seiving a total of 44 years.
Tickets will be sold from 4 to 5:30 p. m. at the entrance to the south ballroom of the Union today, but sales will close at 5:30 p. m. tomorrow. Price of these tickets is $2.50; students who have already bought the regular $2.50 tickets for seats not in the Dads’ Day block may exchange them for tickets in the special section. Any student who has not turned in coupon No. 3 of his passport may obtain a seat in this section by adding 23 cents for government tax. No regular student tickets may be exchanged, e.h.a.
GuttOridyB To Tolk open From 8 To 6; Passports Nbed^
Af Pai'pi|l|c InCfifllfP Riveter and Progressive parties will array tfier volefi Ml fUlWlllj llliJlIlUIV against each other tomorrow when the Green Potters elect
Conference Tonight
Hort Show To Feature
Competitive Displays Of Fruits, Vegetables
Petite Carol Kay, who is to be featured vocalist with Russ Morgan’s orchestra at the Union mixer Friday night.
Entomologists Continue Study Started In 1934
By George Starr Mention of cockroaches brings various responses fiom different persons. Some think of the time they saw a cockroach climbing the leg of a table in a restaurant, others think of the basement at home where all attempts at exterminating these ugly creatures have failed, and with a few no impression is registered. Needless to say, take it from those who know, roaches are a nuisance which plague countless American homes and eating places. Because of these obvious facts, George E. Gould of the entomology department has been studying cockroaches for the past several years. Entomologists Study Roaches Cockroaches have been studied since 1934 in the entomology laboratories as an experiment. Theie was for all practical purposes very little biological datuni available on cockroaches befoie Gould commenced his experiments. Thus, the University is a pioneer in the study of the biology of cockroaches. Six species of roaches were chosen for the experiments: American cockroach. Oriental cockroach, German cockroach, brown-banded cockroach, Pennsylvania woodsroach and smoky brown cockroach. The first three are the common household pests found in Indiana while the last species is a potential pest of Indiana homes. There were two aims in the study of the cockroaches, namely to study the biology of the roach and to discover effective means of extermination. Means of extermination are being tested at the present time. In studying the biology of the roach, the various species were reared at varying temperatures. Incubation and nymphal development of the household species were most satisfactory at a temperature range of 74 to 83 degrees F. Exceptions to this temperature range were the brown-banded and woods varieties which required higher and lower (Continued on page 4)
many other well known theatres, hotels, and cafes. Numerous Radio Broadcasts “Music in the Morgan Manner” is pi obably best known because of his ladio commercials, including the Rinso program ovei CBS, and the Phillip Morns piogiam ovei NBC and CBS. He has had numerous sustaining piogiams ovei all thiee of the major networks. Russ has mpde several movie shorts and has lecorded a number of best selling recoids foi Decca, of which the best known is his theme, “Does Your Heait Beat for Me ?” Well Known Trombonist Russ is well known 'as an excellent trombone soloist, and also plays a niimbei ot other mstiuments including the piano, vibiahaip, saxophone, guitar and others. Befoie organizing his own oichestia, Morgan did arranging for John Phillip Sousa and Victor Heibeit.
Four Students Pass
Rigorous Aviation Corp Examinations
Four University students were chosen from the 68 men examined at the Armory last week to become flying cadets. Of the whole group, only 47 were found to be physically fit. They were classified as follows: four physically and mentally qualified; ten mentally qualified, but needing further physical examination; eleven physically qualified, but needing more college credits; 22 needing additional college credits and physical re-examination. Given Time To Make Up The four men who passed the tests successfully were James F. Conners, Russell K. Weller, Hugh G. Blackwell, and Robert T, Douglass. All men who were lacking in sufficient credits are given to the end of the year to make up the courses or, if they prefer, may take night school woik. The next Aviation Cadet Examining Board will meet at the University the week of December 1-6, inclusive. Anyone desiring to appear before this board should call at the Armory at once for complete information. d.e.g.
Morgan was lecently chosen to play in a Hollywood musiijal extiavaganza “The Story of Radio” as “King of Radio Dance Music.” His music is strictly sweet, and the oichestia is laled as one of the best in the field of sweet music. Morgan’s orchestra is managed through the Music Corpoiation of America, and featuies three outstanding vocalists, Carol Kay, Jimmy Lewis, and Paul Roberts, d.e.g.
Panhellenic Council
Twenty-first annual Purdue Horticultural Show, exhibiting fruits, vegetables, native nuts and flowers, will be held in the Horticultural Building tomorrow and will continue until Sunday. The show is organized liy the horticultural students of the University and sponsored by the University Horticultural Society. Approximately 8,500 visitors were attracted to the show last year; however, a larger attendance is expected this year because of the Dads’ Day activities scheduled for the week-end. Competitive Displays Competitive special displays arranged by students will be exhibited on the fiist floor of the Horticultural Building. These special exhibits will include miniature landscape scenes, insects with their characteiistic injuiies catalogued, over 100 varieties of chrysanthemums and all types of flower and corsage arrangements. Oil paintings ol insects will be dominant in the special exhibit of Bob Creal and Myron Ruszler, both from Terie Haute. Anothei gioup will display the various center pieces for the Thanksgiving table. The showcases of the School of Home Economics will demonstrate the types of apples found most satisfactoiy for vaiious dishes. Every vegetable giown in Indiana has been put into a glass container and will be exhibited by St. Elizabeth Hospital of Lafayette. Post-Show Sale Monday afternoon, Nov. 10, the post-show sales will be held. At this time the display flowers will be sold in the greenhouse while the vegetables will be sold and the fruit auctioned in the Hoiticultural Building. e.h.a .
Parents’ Institute, dealing with the problems of youth today, opened at the University yesterday and will continue through tomorrow. Between 350 and 400 women are expected to have registered for the meeting, according to Dean Mary L. Matthdws, head of the School of Home Economics. The Institute, sponsored by the Home Ec School, deals with the theme of “The Position of Youth Today,” with speakeis from the University, the parents’ group and others taking part in the three-day program. Board Meeting A board meeting of the parentteachers’ group was held yesterday, starting at 1 p. m. and ending with a dinner last evening. The rest of the program today and tomorrow is open to the general public. The program this evening will feature Dr. Mary Gutteridge of the Merrill-Palmer school and Wayne University in Detroit. She will speak tonight on “Balancing the Needs of the Older-Younger Children of the Family,” and again tomorrow morning on “Making the Most of Our Homes.” Music foi the program tonight will be furnished by student musical organizations under direction of J. M. Ragains. Ends 'fomorrow Morning The session will end tomorrow with speeches by Isabelle Diehl, Dr. Cecilia Sehuck, Rabbi Meyer H. Simon and Dr. Mary' Gutteridge cariying through the theme of “Youth and the Community.” w.g.h.
officers for the class of ’45. Voting will be held from 8 a. Itl. until 6 p. m. in the exhibit room, immediately behind the west desk in the Union. Passports are needed to vote. A recent split in the Boilermaker and Progressive partied* due partially to a more closely knit organization at Cary Hall, has resulted in the formation of the reorganized i*rogresslV6 party, consisting principally of Cary Hall men. The Riveter party is A new political organization, formed two Weeks ago at a meeting of representatives of several campus fraternities. Riveter Candidates
Riveter candidates, selected by petitions passed among the freshtiiah class, are; George Slater, president; Richard Weltz, vice presldfentj John Wooling, secretaiy; and Bob Marshall, treasurer. Progressive Candidates The Progressive party has chosen the following representativeil fot the Green Potters election: Bob Stallings, president; Tim Tilton, ■vied president; Judd Year, secretary; and Michael Gailucci, treasurer. Alt the Progressive candidates with the exception of Gailucci are from Cary Hall. Senate Supervision ^ The election tomorrow will be under the sponsorship of the StadePt Senate. Offiicial duties of the newly-elected officers will be to Stag®; tKd annual Green Potteis’ dance, and organize the freshman pdt-bosiiingv which takes place eaily in the spiing. Platforms of both parties idlioW*
Riveter Platform Progressive Pfafforat
Creveling, Frost Win First Prizes In Annual Camera Club Contest
We, the representatives of the Riveter Party—composed of the organized groups—hereby propose these intentions: 1. To unite the class of ’45 in order to have a more successful Pot-Burning. 2. To present a Green Potter’s dance surpassing any given before, with your favorite band and the best of entertainment. 3. To choose a Queen by popular selection to reign at the Green Potter’s dance. 4. To make it possible for all groups to be represented impartially in the function^ to be carried out. We, the candidates of the Riveter Party, pledge ourselves to fulfill these intentions and to execute the wish of the class to the best of our ability.
We, the Progressive. Party, we, Bob Stallings, Titn 'Fitedti, Mike Gailucci, and Judd Vtiair, Progressive representatives to t]ie Green Potter’s election strne ote platform as follows: 1. The promotion of a sitecehsiful Green Potter’s dance whleh will be more than just anothei* Mixer. 2. The populaj;^ sq|lei;Uiift.jai,.,Ji freshman Queen to reign at the Green Potter’s dance. 3. Regular organized meettogpS of all freshmen as prescribed to the Green Potter’s constitution for the purpose of promoting a greater interest in campus activities. 4. A closer coordination between all freshman factions in order to hold a single, organized Pot-Burta-ing.
To Present Awards
For Top Coed Index
Lafayette Panhellenic Council will honor the scholastic achievement of the Roi'oiities on campus at a banquet to bo held Monday, Nov. 10, at 6 p. m. in the south ballroom of the Union.
Exponent* Sophomores Sophomore workers of the Exponent will have their Debris pictures taken today in the south balll'oom according to the following staff schedule: editorial, 7:30; business, 7:40; and sports, 7:50. —H. M. Merriell.
Winners in this yeai’s Camera Club photography contest were announced yesteiday as follows: in the student division, J. H. Creveling was awaided first prize for a portrait, Robert Crow and .Jack Coates won second and third prizes, respectively. D. E. Wallace and G. D. Gates were given honorable mention. R. E. Fiost was awarded the first prize in the faculty division for his pictuie, “The Grinder.” Second and third places m this division went to Dr. Alma Long and Fred Goldsmith. J. Orndoff was given honorable mention. Merchandise Prizes First prize in each division was $5 in merchandise, while second and third prizes consisted of $3 and $1 in merchandise, respectively. Prize winners may collect their awards at the West Side branch of the Foster Shop, across from the Union. Regular Camera Club meeting will be held at 7:30 tomorrow evening in the music room of the Union. The meeting will be open to all contest contestants and will feature the reading of the judge’s criticisms
PM To Present First Eleven Enroll In Lab
Ward Party Friday Metallurgy
1* irst ot a senes of warn aneial
First of a series of ward social events will be a party in the Women’s Gym Friday evening from 8 to 11 o’clock. All wards are included in this first party and all independent students are invited to attend whether or not they are members of
PIA, sponsor of the party.
Dates are not required for the party which will feature dancing and games such as ping-pong, shuffleboard and badminton. Sports togs will be in older for the affair, p.g.h.
Ruth Atwater
. . . home economics director for the National Canners’ Association, Washington, D. C., was on campus Thursday. She talked to seveial foods classes and was guest at a luncheon in the Home Economics Cafeteria given by Miss Bloye.
Ten men and a girl from eleven Indiana towns enrolled in the new laboiatory course “Metallographic Laboratory Practice” which opened last Saturday at the University. The course is sponsored by the U. S. Office of Education as a part of the defense training program. Use Microscopes The students will study metallic alloys with microscopes to become familiar with the procedure and equipment used in metallographic laboratories at the classes which meet each Saturday. More Expected Additional registration will probably increase the enrollment to fifteen within the next two weeks adcording to R. J. Raudebaugh of the School of Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering, who acts as instiuctor for the group. r.eJ.
Mis. Robert Wild from Iijdianapolis will be the main speaker of the
Poultry Club To Entertain Freshmen At Chicken Fry
Poultry Club will hold a chicken fry tomorrow in the Poultry Building. This will be the first meeting of the year and will begin at 4 p. m. with recreation in the form of games. The chicken fry will follow the game period and later there will be a short meeting. Faculty as well as students attend the club. All fieShmen will bo guests at this meeting.
evening. She will talk on a subject of interest to Panhellenic members. Mrs. John Skinnei is in charge of the program. Index Awards Award-s will be made to the senior soiority girl having the highest scholastic index during her thiee years at the University and to the group having the highest average the last semester. Frances Wallace of the Lafayette Panhellenic Council will present the awards. Reservations for the banquet must be made before Saturday, Nov. 8. Members of the active University chapters, the housemothers, and Lafayette Panhellenic membeis will attend the banquet. The active chapters will respond to loll call by singing soiority songs, a.c.
Phi Mu Holds Faculty Tea
of the pictures submitted in the contest, p.g h.
For PatronSr New Pledges
Phi Mu social sorority entertained at a faculty tea on Sunday afternoon from 3 until 5 p. m. at the chapter house. The tea was in honor of Prof, and Mrs. F. C. Hockema and Mr. and Mrs. Walter Scholer, patrons and patronesses of the sorority, and the new pledges. Phi Mu sorority will hold its annual pledge dance this Saturday evening at Allen’s Ballroom. The Wabash Ambassadors will furnish the music for dancing from 9 to 12.
D. M. Doty Will Preside Over Animal Nutrition School Here This Week
There Are All Kinds 01 Slumber Partia
And" They All Sound Like Lots Of Fun
Ag Ed Society Will Stage Round Table Discussion
Triangle
, . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of Keinnt Smith, Rut--"irnd, Vt.
Members of the Agricultural Education Society will participate in room 306 of the Union. The discussion concerns selective service as it effects agricultural men. C. D. Kent, clerk of Waid 2, will lead the discussion, e.h.a.
Second Annual Nutrition School will be held tomorrow and Friday in the Union with Dr. D. M. Doty, of the agricultural chemistry department, presiding. The primary purpose of the school will be to teach the latest developments in the field of livestock nutrition. In the afternoon Dr. W. V. Lambert, Associate Director of the Agricultural Experimental Station, will preside and classes will be held. At a dinner tomoirom evening, C. R. Donhani, head of the veterinary department, will be the toastmaster and Prof. F. R. Hall of the history, economics and government department will be the speaker. Friday morning there will be a sgiies of conferences on poultry, animal husbandly and dairy problems. j.c.ni.
By Carol Wattlesworth Sorority slumber parties vary in several aspects. First there are ones given by one of “the gals” which include only members of a small group, and do not welcome any intrusion whatsoever. Next, theie are slumber parties given for gettingacquainted and lushing purposes. These parties are held in recreation rooms and living looms, if the group is large, and in bedrooms if the gioup is of the fast type.^This name is misleading as most slumber parties begin rather late at night, and do not end until the “wee small” hours have slipped away. Informal Dress Dress for these bedtime sessions is of the most informal nature, and makes one feel like talking over many and vaiied subjects. Cokes and cigaiettes prevail at some ses-
sions, while more elaborate “spreads” are featured at otbei^e. Bobby pins, cold cream and cletol, shining faces are in evidence. Topics of conversation may tiegto with the latest jokes, last night’ll date or the newest fashion etize. Movies, actors, MEN, and einbttions aie also discussed thoroughly. Let’s Dance Honey Guzzing does not occupy all ot the time, as one might be led to believe. Dancing, showing the the latest steps in jitter-bug||tog and singing fraternity and poptdhr songs take their place to these aHl night sessions. Bridge plhyiijy usually claims several memhevs df • the gathering, as does working!* ojr. smooth harmonies, on the faVorlto tunes. /m
\ ^ ^ ^ ^ ^ i -'vj »- |, J /v‘ '
W'
i^i’*' PurdU^{Elkffpnfint Wednesday, November 5,il9ii
,” v«J'f I'f '*'
Whpt Good Is Paddling?
In a recent chapter meeting one of the campus ffifttermties ^^as planning the initiation of several pledges During the discussion dP^ of the members lumped to his feet and afipUed/“We can’t initiate that man; he hasn’t golie through hell week yetSeveral others
imthe meeting agreed with him
,|J'h»^N^ed l*addHng
That statement taken alone is humorous, but the tragedy is that this belief is shared far tOo many fiateinity men, who feel "that a pledge must ha\ e a certain amount of paddling and rough treatment befoie he will be ready for initiation into the active chapter
to some every year. The Indians used to requne that their young warriors pass severe tests, similar in many respects to the modern hell week, before they could become members of the tribe Perhaps this is the aim of the fiaternities, but we doubt if they are testing the bravery of their pledges as a requirement for initiation. ’
Increase Appreciation
This “It makes them appreciate their fraternity” excuse is the strongest reason given for hell weeks. When anybne uses thi^ argument, he IS admitting that his organization has absolutely nothing to offer its members.
^euftetically the pledge pel lod of any organ-% Many large universities and colleges have
ization, social or honoiaiy, is a training time, during which those vho have accepted the invitation to membership are prepaied for participation in the fiateinity’s activities The place of paddling, lough initiations, and hell weeks in an intelligent training program or as qualifications for membership is doubtful They merely serve as a very poor substitute for a planned tiainmg, which would require the best thinking of undeiclassmen and alumni. Good For Them The only excuse offeied for hazing activities IS that “They’ie good for the pledges” or “They make them appieciate their fraternity and give them something to talk about m later years ” We seiiously question the good done by initiations, in fact, serious harm is done
completely abolished hell week and other types of hazing, and the members of fraternal orgahizations on these campuses do not seem to be suffering from any lack of '“appreciation ” Furthermore, if a member can carry away no other memories when he leaves school than how many times he was hit with a paddle, the fraternity does nothing to justify its existence. Hell Week Outmoded The National Undergraduate Interfraternity Council passed in 1940 a resolution declaring that hell week and other means of freshman hazing were outmoded Paddling and humiliating devices as a means of pledge discipline should be brought to an end, they ai e actions unworthy of intelligent fraternity men today
VttSmiKTOH MERRY-<0-MOM
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
John Lewis Relieved By F.D.R. Conference; Taylor Arranges Chat
'OtB ^th ^ Colnmn
Our fuehei who aie in Beihn Heiled be thy name Thy Reich be come Thy will be done In Ameiica As it IS in Afghanistan
We listened to the Piesident on Navj Day And he seems to be a little woiiied About us He has— he says Hitlei’s new map of the woild plus docu mentary evidence to the effect that Herr Adolph has plans foi abolishing all leligion and making Mem Kampf the new Bible Which leminds us of the old one about making a silk pin se Out of a sow’s ear
Give us this day oui ounce of butter and pound of black biead and punch little holes in oui lation caids Forgive us oui debts Cause God knows we got ’em.
And besides we owe it to ourselves.
However, in an effoit to keep abieast of the chang ing times we present a poition of the Bible rewiitten to cOnfoim with dei fooey’s ideas Here then is the Lord’s Prayei Itt the new Third Reich
Lead us not into Russia but deliver us fiom com munism, socialism, fascism, capitalism, demociacy, bmeauciacy, hypocrisy And the New Deal
Fox besides being a pompous little goat thou ait the kingdom and the power and the gloiy and the God Almighty Hell Hitler’—dkh
ON AND OFF THE AIR — LOWELL THOMAS HAS BEEN THERE —
-By Fred Emery.
When he was 11, Lowell Thomas was a gold miner. When he was 20 he had already been managing editor of three newspapers far removed from his Ohio home. A few years later, he had come to be recognized as one of the outstanding personalities in his far-reaching field.
It IS m this position that he sits today.
Bom in 1892, the same year as'
Today On WBAA
Sumner Welles, Thomas topped the achievements of his eventful pre-21 days with a period of ed-ucation-getting, grinding through
Valparaiso, Denver, Kent Law, and Princeton b y working as a janitor, a cowpuncher, a cook, and repeating as gold mmer and editor. Then he again topped his past accomplishments by working simultaneously as a reporter and
a professor at nowEi/i, thomas K , T emerged with story
entLaw,
studying Blackstone himself
the while.
Still not content to rest on past laurels after this workout, the youthful dynamo set out on one of the most amazing careers of his time Sent on a mission by President Woodrow Wilson, he became attached variously to the armies of the United States, Belgium, France, Serbia, Italy and Great Britain He joined Lawrence and Allenby m their desert battles, emerged with the How-famous story, “With Lawrence in Arabia ” Countless other adventures lent flavor to Thomas’s lectures and books, and when his interest
turned to radio, added authority
to his opinions
While listening to one of his NBC broadcasts, the thought often persists, ‘ He has been there, he has seen it”, or, “He has done something similar ” It gives a cozy feeling that the man knows what he’s talking about
LINE DRIVES— H R Gloss, WLW newscaster, is being considered as an Iowa candidate for the United States Senate . . . Gladys Swarthout may appeal with Deems Taylor and Frank Black in a new October-opening radio senes . . William Saroyan has offered the motion picture lights to his play “The Time of Your Life” without charge to any studio which will assume all production costs and turn the entire pi oceeds to national defense ... Jorge Mayoral has been appointed chief announcer for WLWO . . Elmira Roesslei of the “Hap Hazard” show has been cast in NBC s “Weekend Cruise” . . . Marian and Jim Jordan, vacationing from their “Fibber McGee and Mollie” roles, plan to charter an Alaskan fishing boat and skirt the Northwest coast . . . William L Shirer, CBS foreign correspondent whose “Berlin Diaiy” is a runaway best seller, has been borrowed by RKO Radio for advisory work . . . The Williams Brothel^s, vocal quartet, now headline WLW’s “Time to Shine” program.
10
00
10
10
10
15
10
30
10
45
11
00
11
50
12
00
12
15
12
30
12
45
1
n
1
45
2
00
2
15
2
30
3
00
3
10
3
15
3
30
4
00
4
30
4
45
5
00
5
30
5
45
5
50
6
00
6
30
6
45
7
00
8
00
8
15
8
30
8
45
9
00
9
30
9
50
10
00
WBAA Piesents Theatie of Song ‘ Newspapei and Magazine Wilting” with Pi of McKee Puidue News Agiicultuial Foium Sam Hamilton, pianist Meet the Band (Flexible foi Special Events) “Uiban Sociology” with Piof T K Noss Mai kets A Stoiy a Day WPA Tiansciiption Moods in Music, Mrs C W Hemmer News Building foi Defense June Ellei, pianist Oigan Moods Tea Time Tunes Puidue Bands Little Miss Muffett Just Relax Vespeis Cuiio Man News Dinnei Music Spoits Review Melody Maids Symphony Hall What’s Alt To Me ’ Marching Along Eventide Echoes Fiom the Pi ess Box Irv Given’s Band Music News OFF THE AIR
WASHINGTON, Nov 5—John L Lewis didn’t go to the confeience with the Piesident, at which the mmer boss backed down on the “captive’ mine stiike, until he was assuied that he was being “invited ” Lewis wanted it cleaily undeistood that he vas not asking to see Roosevelt Myion Tayloi, astute foimei head of the United States Steel Corporation, diplomatically smoothed the way foi the “invitation ’ During this meeting, Taylor, tresh from a mission to Rome, talked at length on the extreme gravity of the international situation, the great danger facing the United States and the crucial role it IS plajing in woild affairs He made it cleai that now is not the time to rock the boat Lewis, n ho fancies himselt an authority on international affairs, was much impressed Aftei lunch, the two men weie joined, at the Piesident’s request, by Will Davis, chairman of the Mediation Boaid Davis is anothei of Lewis’ pet peeves, so his piesence did not soothe the union leader’s touchy sensibilities Davis is the one man in the administiation who has stood up to Lewis Finally, Tayloi suggested that the thiee go to the White House for a peisonal talk with the Piesident It had been many months since Lewis and Roosevelt had been face to tace To Tayloi’s pioposal, Lewis le plied, T won t go without an in vitation ’ “All light ’ said Tajloi quietly, ‘ 111 see if we can get an invita tion ” He picked up the phone asked foi the White House and was piomptly connected with the Presi dent, to whom he said “We have been talking ovei a plan Mi Pies ident and think we ought to come and see you about it Roosevelt i eplied he would see them immediately Tayloi turned to Lewis and said “Is that all light with you Ml Lewis’’ “If we aie invited,” was the an swei, “its all light with me” At The White House Lewis was veiy solemn when he enteied the White House The Piesident gieeted him pleasantly, and thioughout the houi and 45 minute confeiencc was at his most chaiming best Like Taylor, the President also talked at length about the seriousness of the international situ-
EAT GRAVES' BAKERY PRODUCTS
alH
Pwidujt, £xfiomnL All-American 1940-'41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3,50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4 00.
E^itor-in-Chuf^ Newa Editor Spurta Editor
Ned A Ochiltree Business Manager John L Trau(,ott Managing Editor Phil Johnson Coed Editor
Don S Powers Leland W Buftner Ruth Rose
Publication Staff Associate Pditors Editoftal 8t»tt J F Amos J H Aimstrong -D T Brophy H Hadley F 1 JoiKS 1 (j K leper Spai^ Ekaffd O 1 Clark J D I raser J S Keeler ComI Cytalfi Mary K Boynton Allot Chatfuld Jane Kamsdell
Business Staff
Donna Sicss
Office Manager Lee
Coed Business Manager
Bosbong
Local Advertising Managers K K Gjemre R E Saxton Circulation Manager W T Bell Accounts Manager. W D Millard , Junior Coed Managers Jean Frankenberry, Francis Lloyd
Julia Mai tin
iter«sl After 10 P M, 5377
Represented for national advertising hy National Advertising Service Inc College Publishers Representatives 420 Madison Ave New York N Y
Hlcbl Editor) HiepK Isine Editor Roquemore
Staff For This Issue Day Editor Ramsdell Sports Editor Fraser
Reporters: E Aherns C Hass C Wattleworth D E Glass W G Hoskins P G Hodman P Stenting W L Rnfert
P G Millti K DcMars D Shiyer
New undeir-arm Cream Deodorant safely Stops Perspiration
1. Does not rot dresses or men s shuts Dots not irritate skin 2. No waiting to dry Can be used right after shaving 3. Instantly stops perspiration forlto3diys Removes odor from perspiration. 4. A pure, vliite, greaseless, stainless vanishing cream. 5. Arnd has beep awarded the Approval Seal of the American Institute of Laundering for being harmless to fabrics. Arnd is the LARGEST SELLING DEODORANT. Try a jar today!
ARRID
At oil etoreBeeJliug toilet goods 39f “ J'U' (uluo m lod and 59^ Jara)
* ation and the" peril facing the country. i Lewis was the last to leave the President's office. As they shook hands, Roosevelt said, “Glad you came in, John ” Lewis replied, “Thank you, Mr President ” Lewis appeared greatly relieved when he emerged Note*—The November 15 deadline Lewis latei announced for the suspended strike js just two days before the CIO convention in Detioit, where Lewis expects to play a leading lole Brainy Cop The great, red-caipeted caucus room m the Senate Office Building IS so much in demand foi public healings and othei congiessional business that outsideis cannot use it unless (1) a senatoi so requests and (2) a senatoi is present When 350 women isolationist lobbyists stoinled the Capitol one day, they qualified in only one respect Senatoi Gerald Nye had aiianged foi them to use the chamber, but he was out of town, as usual, making a speech when they showed up “Wheie’s Senatoi Nye—%here’s Senator Wheelei the ladies demanded excitedly when Capitol policemen Ralph Dunn and Tom McNally blocked then path Someone finally peisuaded Senatoi George Aiken, Vermont Republican, to pinch-hit for Nye Aiken walked into the caucus room, to establish his presence, and then started to walk out as fast as his feet would carry him “I’ve gone through with my part,” he whispered to the policemen, “now let me out of here.” But the tenacidus lobbyists had othei ideas. One buxom female, carrying an American flag, grabbed Aiken by the arm “Come back and make us a speech. Senator,” she commanded “How do you stand on the foreign policy’” The Vermontei looked pleadingly at McNally who immediately got the diift “Senator, your office has just sent over woid that you have a longdistance call from Vermont,” said the policeman “It’s veiy uigent ” Nazi Squeeze The U S Cl edit fieezing order and blacklist aie piodueing real lesults in shutting off Nazi piopaganda and subversive opeiations in Latin Ameiica Intelligence" seivices leport that Nazi embassies and legations, once well supplied with cash, now are so haid up that they aie lesoiting to squeeze methods to obtain money fiom German nationals One scheme is to compel the
Personnel Notes rcring’, G«fe
Companies Scheduled To Visit the Campus— I (On Seniois’ Company Lists) Geneial Motors Corporation, Detroit, Michigan Noyepiber 6 and 6, 1941. RCA Manufacturing Company, Inc , Indianapolis, Indiana. November 6, 1941 Not on Seniois’ Company Lists) Colgate-Palmolive Poet Company, Jeisey City, New Jeisey No*vember 6 and 7, 1941 M E , Ch E , and Science •'Square D Company, Milwaukee, Wisconsin November 6 and 7, 1941 Januaiy E E and M E 'Types of students indicated please sign up in school offices foi these companie^s if inteiested (As rapidly as possible, complete notices legarding the visits of the above companies will be posted on school bulletin boards )
West Lafayette
high school’s football team beat the Ciawfoidsville eleven yesteiday in a competition of the two schools’ ‘ B” teams
nationals to send gifts of money to relatives in Germany These funds are handled by the embassies and legations and nevei reach their destination Another device is to put pressure on nationals, who were foiced to sell their businesses because ot the anti-Axis measures, to “invest” the funds they received in a special kind ot German cuirency known as mckwundermaiks The idea is that these marks will be ledeemed at the late of 250 foi 40 U S dollais aftei Geimany wins the wai Whether they evei will be ledeemed is a gamble the German “investoi ’ has to take, meanwhile, his savings aie providing the Nazis with despeiately netcltil cuiiency in Latin Ameiica
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD j RISK — DENTISTS
400 404 Schultz Bldg 4th and Mam St Lafayette
LAFAYETTE
Vouches m\^s hutwms!
Lucien Lelong's 'Duvetgn' Lipstick is Sealed for gour protection
• So you can be sure of selecting just the right shade, there are 3 shade testers in each package. Try them at home, choose the most flattering!
• This lipstick will touch only your lips, because it cqmes sealed until you open it.
• ‘Duvetyn’ Pomade is an amazing lipstick. Come in and see itl
*1 Dicmit’s
518 Main St.
Phone 5036
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
RYTEX PERSONAL STATIONERY
University Book Store
Acr ss Tditi Ui »on I el Sammons 9 Doc Fpile 10
TOMOftRbW - rRL - SAT.
"n '' W’'
aw
n OFfHE UlUpiCS
A Warner! P cluie w ih Constance Bennett Jeffrey lynn ^ REGIS TOOM^ MONA MARIS HOBART BOSWORTH
LAST TIMES TODAY
MARS
TOMORROW - FRI.
LAST TIMES TODAY
KmwnI ^ .larrlns Cm ** TYRONE PQWIR
Lining up to be seen as welt tia heard are, top to bottom, Jana Wilson, Donna Dae, and Paliy Garrett, the three lovelies toho brighten up Fred Wanng‘9 “Pleasure Time”, heard over WLW and NBC Monday, Tucsday, Wednesday, and Fridaiy at 7 p. m EST. Requests from Army and Navy men have been given extra consideration OH their broadcasts of late.
So lai, Guatemala is the only Latin Ameiican countiy that is blocking these operations It is the only one thafr l^s followed the U S lead and fioioi} all Axis foncls and property
1 Goody's Fine Shoes i 1 Goodwin's Shoe Slore 1 S In The Village = H 302 State E fiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiniiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiF
LUMA
Thur. - Fri. - Sat.—2 Hits
llll¥¥ ELUe
ALSO —
LAST DAY DON AMECHE
- 2 HITS MARY MARTIN
“KISS THE BOYS GOODBYE" — ALSO — 'COUNTRY FAIR"
im"i ll
— TODAY — DOUBLE FEATURE
'TOP SERGEANT MULLIGAN" with NAT PENDLETON CAROL HUGHES — PLUS — ERROL FLYNN
'FOOTSTEPS IN THE DARK"
STARTS THURSDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
"THE GREAT MR. NOBODY" with EDDIE ALBERT JOAN LESLIE — PLUS — 'STOLEN PARADISE" with LEON JANNEY ELEANOR HUNT
— COMING — 'RAMPARTS WE WATCH"
[‘AITIONIZE EXPONENT ADVERIISERSr *n 4 ^ 1^! ^ ^ ^ ‘ ^ *^1 '^? " ' j “ o ^ ^
M^poneni
m^aOH^!l M 4- ' >' ” <^'’' '■^K \
•“ l^e M^ii-I« The Backf^el^ll‘ , *‘^Ftip’'S'feve^'’yeara-th6ffe*‘hae'been i'lot of agitation for a five man badkfield tb add zipper to team offense. For many this idea has been jast'Idlfe'ehattd'rl bht to a few it carries food for serious thought. Coabi^' Ossie * Simmons of Syracuse is the first coach we haVe ever heard* bf who has actually done something about it in a legal manner. This ybar Odach'Simmons is gaining nation-wide publicity for his brand ndw sjfetem of turning his center around and using him in the backfield, Incidentally, the practical aspect of the system can be vouched for by the SypactiSe'trouncing of Wisconsin at Madison last Saturday. • ' \Vhjif A Guy—A Sextuple Threat 'Hits new system is known as the “Y” -formatton. Simmon’s center, by facipg his own'bdekfield, can (1) snap the ball, (2) run the ball, (8) kick'the*ball, <4)"pass the ball, (5) block, and (6) lead the interference. All of which makes a triple threat back look like a bag of peanuts, , T© be sure, the center doesn’t do all of these things at once, but he definitely earn be a fifth member of the backfield. The possibilities of the deception by this formation overshadow the “T” formation like the automobile 'Overshadows the horse and bug'gy, • Co4ch'S«nmoiK-&i^laiiis. ' A^tflM'ferililr^oi^l^^somew^a'S^^bmplicated, Coach Simmons adds a' word of explanation, “A few people still are puzzled by my reversible center,” he explains. “Well, I’ve always thought it was stupid to stand a Center on his head when he is snapping^ the ball. First, it leaves him easy prey for opposing linemen and, second, it'practically eliminates, him from action as a blocker. He is m no position to attack! “When I first considered turning him around I'uvas afraid my assistants and my boys would think I was crazy.' But We’ve Used this method with success .. . and now we’re sold on it." ’ • Can Pass Any Direction ^ Probably one of the outstan&iii|r'btenefits of this attack is the center’s ability to flip to flankers instead of straight back. This Way the offensive team can cope with the defensive unbalanced line to meet a strong' side play. He can throw to a weak side flanker and lead thC interference, catching the opposition flat footed. • ' • Everyone But' The Guards? Purdue already uses eight mfen offensively, the backs, the ends and the tackles. If this new “Y” formatiOh should ever be adopted everyone bn the field could carry the ball except the guards. Guess they’ll have to'recover fumbles if they want to score.
IM Sc^ie^ule
Field
1 Tail
TOUGHBALL ,Today , 1
Theta Chi.
Kappa Epsilon
Official: Captain. . Sitvna Pi v4 Petta Tau Delta. Official:
Glaser., I
Lamb<& Ghl Alpha vs. Siama Phi
Epsilon. Official: hlcrai
Alpha Tau Pmegh Vs Alpha Gamma
Rho. Officiall hloland
Alpha Sianta Phi vs Phi Gamma Delta
official' Tepas.
Theta Xi vs. Kappa Delta Rho Of-
ficial 1 Oldb.
Sigma Alpha THu vs. Triangle. Official:
Rafferty.
Kappa Sigma vs. Acacia. Official:
Zehring.
Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Pi Kappa
Alpha. Official: Tulin.
Cary Hall $ vs. Cary Hall 11. Official:
Jones-Stephans.
Theta Tap vs. Sigma Chi. Official:
Cooper.
F^qt^mity Wednesday, Nov. S'
6>;30
Alpha Chi.il^ vB. A,lPhd Sigma Phi. Tap Kappa'fl&silon vs. Sigma 'Wu.
8 :45 ‘ w'f{
Phi Kappa Tau vs. Alpha TaijjjjJmega. Pi Kappa Alpha vs Alpha Gamma Rho.
Thursday, Nov. 6 *(-
6:80
Pi Kappa Phi vs. Theta Chi. Lambda Chi Alpha vs Phi Sigma Kappa. Beta, Theta P,i vs Phi Delta Theta. Phi Kappa Sigma ys Theta Xi Beta Sigma ?si Vs.’. Sigma Pi.
8.45
Triangle vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
Phi Gamma Delta vs Tau Epsilop Phi.
P|,i, Kappa Psi Vs. Delta Upsilon. ' 1 Kappa ys. Delta Tau .tteltg. . Delta Rho vs. Alpha JBigma Phi.
3 iljl|r||ers- -Sparto star or Attack ythj
Facing the Boilermaker crosscountry’squad'Saturday morning at 10:80 ixr the Big State Meet, will be' Notre Dame, Indiana, Blltler, Earlham, Edit State and Indiana Central. The meet will be held oM the Boilermaker cross-country coursej that winds' around the three-hole prac* tice golf course und starts near the No. 1 itee. The distance of the run for the meet will b% four miles. The State Mefet is divided into two parts, the Big State Meet and the Little State Meet. The Boilermakers Compete irt the Big State Meet. In the Little State Meet Will ho Bail State, Earlham, Butler, Taylor, Manchester, DePauw and Wabash. ' ’ ' ' Boat The Irish v Last week Notre Dame beat Illinois in' the Loyola Invitational. Thus, the Irish aie going to be the team to beat Saturday. Competing in this meet will be Wilt of Indiana, and Hhnter of Notre Dame, both being undefeated so far this season. Ed Holderman has been beaten only once,-that being by Wilt, in the Pur-due-'Ihdiana^dfialum^eL .1 1 ^ ' Indiana is the defending Big State Champion, and Butler is the defender in the Little State Meet. The Boilermakers are undefeated thus far this season, and have a very good chance of emerging victorious in the meet. The following week the Boilermakers will be competing in the Western Conference Meet. Thus, this Saturday’s race is the last tune-up for the team before the season’s most important meet. This year’s cross-country squad has been the best in the school’s history. They have worked hard all season, and their record shows it. The team would really appreciate a big turnout for the meet Saturday morning. It’s no more than they deserve! p.g.m. PBA Will Meet Tonight Plan To Petition PAG
Riveters tn Good Shi For Michigan Stato Head footbalT coach Mai Elward and Fresident EdwMd Elliott returned yesterday from Chicago where they wet® among the principal speakers at the Downtown Quarterback Club, and to prove the popular following that these men have„ 1400 persons, the largest crowd of the year, were in attendance. — — Spartans Next
Intramural News
Having left Monday's practice i»
the hands of his staff. Mat ia now back at his familiar post and feis
buckled down t© the taslc of
ing the squad into shape for' t&eir Dad’s Day encouhter with the Midi*’
igan State Spartans.
With the squad in perhaps the best physical condition that tiiejr have been in for many weeks, Mai is anxious for them to stajr that
Interfraternity basketball will begin the week of November 24. Divided into two brackets, 24 teams representing the highest ranking fraternities in last year’s play constitute the upper division, while the
11 lowest fraternities will be in the way, but the need for shai^ning other bracket. Eight teams will go the blocking and tackling of the to the finals, six from the upper and team as a whole overbalances this? two from the lower group. Piactice with the result that tho
schedules, starting November 11,
have been arranged.
I-M
The fraternity squash tourna-
ment will start soon. It is urged that , , , , tliree men from each fraternity be ^«Pho™ore players saw a great ^al
of action against Fordham in last
scrimmaged yesterday and will do
so again today. Eight Sophomores
In spite of the fact that eight
Satflrday’s battle with the Rams, and that the Boilermakers were classed as underdogs to the third ranking team of the nation, Elward expressed himself as being con-
. . . halfback, Mike Schelb, who was instrumental in Michigan State’s 20 to 7 victory over the Boilermakers last year, and whose outstanding play this season has made him one of State’s most potent offensive threats, will see plenty of action against the Riveters Saturday.
Strong Spartan Lineup Will Face Boilermakers By Dave Shryer Striving to avenge'last year’s 20-7 defeat, the Boilermakers will face an in and out Michigan State team on Saturday. Despite their unimpressive record of four defeats and one victory, the Spartans will present a rapidly improving team. Fine Coach Michigan State coach, Charley more end. Ace Priedlund and PraBachman, always provides a for- leigh have also performed ably at midable opponent that can never the flanks this season.
selected to play. Entry blanks are due m the Intramural office tomorrow. A practice schedule will be arranged as soon as all the entries have been received. Rackets and
balls will be supplied when needed. . , , , , , , Twenty-five participation points for that the squad did not play
entering, five points for the winner
and three for the runnerup will be speaking of the sophomoresawarded. All matches will be best who saw action in the Poto Grounds, . two out of three games and matches. ® lemar e , t ough at times
j_jyj they played without their heads.
On December 3, the inteifraternity swimming meet will be held. _
Entries may be changed during the Injuries Hurt
meet, and not more than two men I®®® of Co-captain Tommy from any one fraternity may enter Melton and Pete Timperman, stellar any single event except the relays, right tackle, before the Fordham Coach Dick Papenguth will be glad severely handicapped the Rivetto have members of any team le- ®rs, as did Kenny Smock's leg inport to him for training instruc- Jnry. The outlook for Saturday, tions each day fiom 10 a. m. to 12, however, is jnuch brighter, for both and from 2 to 4 p. m. One or more Melton and Timperman will be in
men constitute a team for participation points.
I-M
Ward basketball starts Monday, Nov. 10, and a practice schedule has
good enough shape to perfotm again, and there is a possibility that Smock will also see action. If Kenny does not, for some ^ reason, play against the Spartans, he WBl defi-'
Ph
Kappa
A Bracket
IMPROVE YOUR DANCING By Enrolling in Our New ADVANCED CLASS TONIGHT, 7:30 P. M. LATEST DANCES TAUGHT PHONE 2150 P. M. Allen, Instructor ALLEN’S 6lh & Ferry
Alpha Tau OmeBa , Beta 'Theta Pi Pi Kappa Alpha Phi Kappa Sifinja Phi ^igMa Kappa Laipbda Chi Alpha Phi Delta 'I'h.eti Pj Kappa Phi 'meta Xi Phi Kappa Tau Theta Chi Beta SigiVia Psi Alpha Gamma Rho Sklha Pi' B Bracket SiBmn Nu Delta Tail Delta Tau Kappa Epsilon Alpha Chi Rho , Dqlta UpSilpr^ Pill Kappa Psi Phi Kappa Sipma Alpha Epsilon Acacfa
Tonight at 7 p. m. in room 101 in the Pieldhouse the Purdue Boxing Association and all other interested boxeis on the campus will hold a very important meeting to complete arrangements for the proposed plan to make boxing a minor
sport on the campus.
The official petition which will be presented to the PAG in the near' future will be signed at this'meeting. Joe Benna and the other officers of the PBA will be in charge
of the meeting tonight.
be underestimated. Bachman, a 1916 graduate of Notre Dame, was elected coach of the 1935 College AllStars who held the Detroit Lions to a 7-7 tie that year.
The Davis Boys The name Davis has proved to be a nightmare to newsmen broadcasting Michigan State games this year. Along with Wyman and Wilford
been arranged. Entry blanks must uitely take the field a week fronr reach the Intramural office not later Saturday when the Boilennakera than Friday. No man playing in resume their conference schodote “A” league after the practice sehed- with the Wisconsin game at Maiti-
ule is over can play in the “B”
league.
Alpha Sigma Psi Kappa Delta Rho Phi Gamma Delta Tau Epsilon Phi 'Triangle
Fourth Week Statistics For 1941 Compared To 1940 High Individual Scores mi Adamson of Delta Tau Delta 235 Hundley of Pi Kappa Alpha 233 High Individual Series Simon of Alpha Chi Rho 582 Seabright of Alpha Tau Omega 678 High Team Game Sigma Nu .■ 889 Sigma Nu 883 High Team Series Sigma Nu 2528 Alpha Tau Omega 2442
1<)40 265 242 670 fWl
schedule of
DEBRIS
If the Spartans are offered a diy Davis, the twins, Hugh Davis has field in their encounter Saturday, also bloomed forth as one of the they will be far more dangerous Spartan’s leading backs. The outthan in their last game when they standing feature of their attack this lost to Missouri in a sea of mud. year has been the sucijess of the Bachman presents a fast, hard- ancient statute of liberty play. This chaiging line that can cause its maneuver, almost as old as football opponents plenty of trouble, if given itself, has caught Spartan opponsure footing underneath. ents off guard several times during Strong Line season. Speedy backfield decepStar of their line which averages tion Las been responsible for Hugh close to 190 pounds is Bill Rup^s a Davis’ success with this play, fighting guard. Rupp teams with Biggest threat in the Spartan Bill Kennedy who has been shifted backfield is Wyman Davis, ace halffrom center to hold down the other back. It was his hard running mixed guard post. This pair together with with unerring passes that helped Arena, the sixty minute center, to defeat the Boilermakers in 1940. should give the Riveter’s fighting Most of the quarterbacking duties trio of Melton, Johnson, and Miller have been handled by the other a real battle for honors in the for- Davis twin, Wilford. ward wall. Fullback Hurt One of coach Bachman’s bright- State’s hard hitting fullback, Ed estlightshasbeentheplay of Glenn Ripmaster, has been lost to the Diebert the hard-charging sopho- team all season. However, his shoes have been capably filled by Bob Sherman who was shifted from the quaiterbapk post. Dick Kieppe is another halfback who has threatened the defenses of Spartan op-
ponents.
I-M
The Rifle Club is opening the range for afternoon shooting this
In conclusion, Mai wishes to press the feeling of himself and his staff in thanking the many fraternities and students who thought-
PICTURES
5TH
— PLEASE BE PROMPT
ASSEIVijB^E IN THE SOUTH UNION BALLROOM
7 ;00—Debris Soph. Editorial Staff 1,1,, , I 7:10>—Debris Soph. Business Staff 7:20—Debris Soph. Photo Staff ' ! ' 1 1 , , I " ' ' J ' 7:30-—Exponent Soph. Editorial Staff ; i, '.1 (1 h . , i ,i r j I ' t ji 7:4(L—Exponent Soph. Business Staff 7:50—Exponent Soph. Sports StaA ’ 8:00—Engineer Soph. Staff 8:10—Pharmacy Soph. Staff '8:20—Agriculturist Soph Staff 8:30—Union Soph. Workers 8:40—Activities Bureau Soph. 8:50—P. I. A. Sophomores
9:00—Student Senate Sophomores 9:10—X. W. S. Sophomores 9:20—Art Club 9:30—^Model Airplane Club 9:40—Fraternity Affairs Sophomores 9:50—Forestry Club 10:00—Gold Peppers 10:10—Kappa Delta PL 10:20—A. S. C. E. 10:30—Pi Tau Sigma 10:40—Sigma Delta Chi 10:50“—Sigma Delta Psi I I 11:00—Independent Soph. Work^ers
m2
COMPLETE CAMPUS COVERAGE
week. Tomorrow night at 7:15 an fully sent telegrams to the team important organization meeting both before and after the game last will be held. All interested should Saturday, r.w.d.
attend. Mr. Holmes, local target shooting expert, will he the featured speaker at the meeting.
I-M
Because of urrfavorable weather condrtions the all-campus archery meet, scheduled for last Sunday, was called off. There will be regular practice as usual, however. The indoor range is nearing completion.
I-M
1941 ALL-STAR SOFTBALL , TEAM
Pitchers
R. W. Hardin, Alpha Gamma Rho Kenneth Coleman, Ward 28
Catcher
George Duffy, Alpha Gamma Rho Outfielders G. H. Lovett, Sigma Alpha Epsilon L. A. Matuszewski, Ward 8 R. Smith, Cary Hall 7
University Dedicates Game To Army4f(y Boilermaker-Michigan State football game will be dedicated to those University men who are now serving in various branches of the army, navy, and marine corps. Saturday will be designated for this reason as “National Defense Day” at the
University.
The program will open with brief remarks by President EUiott and Col. Walter S. Drysdale, comnaanding officer of Fort Benjamin. Banrison. Just before the opening'iSickoff, a delegation of approximately 250 officers and enlisted men from
W. F. Kiesel, Sigma Alpha Epsilon Fort Benjamin Harrison in Indian-
Everything for a “ College Education - - DEAC’S
D. E. Butz, Alpha Gamma Rho D. L. Wasson, Cgry Hall 6 Iniielders J. K. Seabright, Alpha Tau Omega R. C. Harris, Kappa Sigma J. M. Shaver, Sigma Chi , K. Z. Crawford, Sigma Chi R. H. Riley, Delta Upsilon W. Stanton, Sigma Alpha Epsilon
apolis will participate in a shnide flag raising ceremony, d.e.g.
Three oil wells—an old barber pole—playthings for crippled childten—they all play a part in tWs $1,366,000 story of “living memorials’’ which has been writing itself for 50 years.
Experience proves that nothing takes the placeiof quality. You taste the quality of ice-cold Coca-Cola. Again and again you enjoy the charm of its delicious taste...and its cool, clean after-sense of complete refreshment.Thirst asks nothing more. BOTTLED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA-COLA COMPANY BY COCA COLA BOTTLING CO. •— 6th and Salem —> Phone 4937
You tfustiiilfttllallty
<s:¥5.
%''
.4 !.. « /j-Jthfelt.
iiiiliMiii
,,, «
tLr - , - ^ Pfffdue ExpSneW
iWednesSay^ NoiemS^
W
Book Remews Engineer Detachment p-„aitv Davs
*^**'***•1 *^V*yO /rnritinliorl fvn-m T«
f*rlorities haven’t yet caught up with bo6ks—^this yeai you can get ‘hnore for your money” in leadmg than ever befoie. Foi instance, CJlifton Fadiman’s READING I’VE LIKED. Here are 906 pages of the most varied leading you can imagine in one book Whatever youi mood, you’ll find an Alexandei Woollcott anecdote oi a chapter of Thomas Mann oi a bit of Thiiibei or even some Santayanan philoso-
phy to suit youi fancy
From two decades of reviewing Padiman has chosen 51 selections each “of its kind extiemely well wi itten ” Just as he is quite capable of stealing the show when he diiects Information Please, so Fadiman’s own peisonality is never obscured m this anthology of others’ writings His choices aie unconventional, extremely peisonal enthusiasms, and he prefaces each with
his own commentaiy
One of the major atti actions of READING I’VE LIKED is Padiman’s introductoiy essay “My life IS an open book confessions and digressions of an incurable ” In the polished, witty style you would expect, he discusses his early experiences with the Rover boys and Horatio Algei, the ten books that he believes might live another 500 years, the extiaordinary Mr Jones who contiibuted to Padiman’s college income by paying him five dollars an hour to listen to his violent
Shakespeare recitations
In the field of anthologies there IS another recent one which arouses interest, GREAT SHORT NOVELS, AN ANTHOLOGY by Edward Weeks For years Weeks has been collecting small books, and here in a single volume he has selected his twelve favorite short novels They are leprinted in full and provide a stimulating contrast to the short stoiy in current magazines or the numeious long novels of recent
years
Bivouacks On Campus Detachment of the 16th Engineering Battalion, aimored, consisting of three officers and 47 enlisted men under the command of Fust Lt M C Easterling, bivouacked last night at the University The detachment was emoute from Panama City, Florida, to Clintonville, Wisconsin The new 4 wheel drive “Jeeps,” used by the detachment as command cars, weie kept in the Armoiy last night The detachment will bring back a fleet of the new 9 ton army “Wopplies” fiom Wisconsin to the 1st aimy maneuvers area in South Carolina w g h Outing Club Delegates
Attend Meeting Nov.
Outing Club IS making arrangements to send i epresentatives to the Midwest Outing Club conference which will be held at McCormick’s Creek State Park next Friday and Saturday Opal Blagrave and Gail Hennis are in charge of anangeinents This is the second meeting of the newlyorganized club and representatives from various colleges iii the State will be present The Outing Club will hold an open meeting on Wednesday evening in room 303 of the Union An election of a president to replace Marjory Ward who has resigned, will take place during the meeting The plans for the coming year will be discussed d 1 g Logging Class To Make Goshen Inspection Trip
. . head of the department of
physical education for women, is attending the Vocational Information conference at Ohio State today She is a consultant of health and physi
cal education in this area
Spartan Lineman
. . . Frank Karas, 210 pound tackle, is one of the largest men in the Michigan State line, and his aggressive line plaj, especially on defense, has made him a marked player among Spartan toes I rank teams up with Fred Carter at the other tackle post to complete one ot the best combinations in the Middle Mest
1 CALL-1 STOP 5 SERVICES
• • Laundry
Sanitone Dry Cleaning
Hat Blocking Shoe Repairing
• • Rugs and Furniture
• •
• •
• •
mmm LiUKDRlI Phone 7278
^LdUNDM^'S^
During the present semester there are four penalty dates. They are from noon November 18 to noon November 19; November 24; from noon December 19 to noon December 20; and January 6. These dates represent the twenty-four hour periods before aud after the Thanksgiving and Christmas recesses. A student who IS absent from classes during any of these four days will be assessed an extra fee of $5 00 for each 24 hour period or fraction thereof missed.
Dean of Men
Group Pictures of campus organizations for the 1942 Debris will be taken eveiy evening this week, starting tonight, in the south ballroom of the Union The Exponent notice colum will contain a day-by-day schedule of groups and times Union Show Seats There are still many good seats available for the 1941 Union Show. Only the reserved seats (one-tenth of the house) are sold out Come and bring “Pop ”
(Continued from page 1) temperatures, respectively. Night Life Of A Roaoh
Household roaches are found wherever conditions of temperatrt^, food supply and humidity are sati^ factory. They inhabit sewers, furniture, crevices and other suitable spots in oui homes Aside from these characteristics they come forth only at hight, remaining in darkness all the time The largest and most loathsome variety is the Oriental cockroach which inhabits drain pipes and is very rarely seen. Information does not substantiate the belief that cockroaches are disease carriers. Nevertheless, their presence is sufficiently distasteful to demand practical methods of ex-
termination
Notices
i Tan Beta Pi* All faculty and graduate students who are members of Tau Beta Pi are invited to attend the annual fall initiation banquet on Wednesday, Nov 6 at 6 p m in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union Purdue Gymnastic Club: Practice every week-day from 4-6 p m Tumbling and hand balancing every Tues , Thurs , and Apparatus work every Mon Wed and Fn Those interested are asked to work out at the indicated times —POZER
Mechanical Eneineera- The AmeriMn Society of Mechanical Engineers menibership applications may be obtained in the general office of the Mechanical En^n^ra building BOLZ PIA Membership Sajesmen* Please check in membership books with money by Friday evening Nov 7 Also have any dance tickets that you might have _QQjjjg
Classified Ads
Money to Loan on anything of value Alberts Loan Office Pawnbrokers and Jewelers 407 Columbia St Typewriters—Adding Machines all makes sold rented repaiied and purchased Mime ograph woi k done C J Ebershoff 605 Main Lafayette Phone 2770 Lost ME 143 Notebook Name Tsu - Zoo Tang Reward Mole than new notebook
value Call 36614
Outing Club Make reservations for trip to McCormick Creek State Park on Nov 8 and 9 with Opal Blagrave 6765 or Gail Hennis 2907 before Monday Open meeting Wed Nov 6 at 5 p m in room 803 of the Union —BUERGLEK WAA Archers: inuivldual tournament
must be shot by Friday Nov
shoot any night at 4 p m —JOHNSON Flying Club Regular meeting Wednesday Nov 6, at 7 30 P m m room 305 ot the Union Please bring dues ai^ money for steak fry ^HABlGxli BAG’S All battery athletic officera who
did not attend meeting
tumty
Student Art Guild Meeting in Puttering Shops at 4 15 p m Wednesd^^ N^v ^ 6
end meeting Thursday Octobe Vandertord_a^^earhest^OOTor
Tan Beta PI Pledges and Actives Formal initiation will begin at 4 30 p m Wednesday Nov 6 in room 366 of the Union Banquet at 6 p nl —MUNGER Sophomore Union Workers Report to room 306 of the Union at 4 16 p m Wednesday Nov 6 Very important ticket meeting Bring your money —GOSSETT AIChE Chem and Met subscriptions can be obtained from the following Barns, Kraybill Southard, Ray Smith Santini, Lerner —KRAYBILL AIChE Meeting in room 129 of EE Buildin at 7 30 p m Wednesday Nov 6 R J Kryter of Esterlmc Angus Co will speak on instrumentation —KRAYBILL Ceres All men are expected to enter the Ceres Corps Judging Contest td be held Saturday Nov 15 in Ag Hull Prizes awarded Entry blanks may bp obtained from Prof F E Robbins ir pledges
—BYER
Delta Rho Kappa Pledges Meeting at 6 p m Thursday Nov 6 in 303 of the Union Those who wish to ordei keys bring $1 76 This will be the only oppoitunitv to order them —BIERI EIN All Student Union Student Art Guild Little Movie Convo tickets money and subscribers names must b( in to Putteiing Shops before 4 30 p m Wednesday Nov 6
—PARKS
Independent Students All students wish mg to take PIA as iin activity report at PIA office Wednesday at 4 p m
—ELDER
Activities Bureau Eligibility Committee meeting Wednesday Novembei 6 at 4 15 p m in the bureau office Important
—MILES
PIA Sophomore Workers Report to south ballioom Wednesday 0 p m for De bris pictures —ELDER All Independent Students You are in vited to the first Ward party to be hold in Memoiial Gymnasium Friday Nov 7 from 8 to 11 30 p m —WARD CHAIRMAN
'' / - Independent Staff. There will be an iOsue of the Independent next Utonday Nov lOff Everyone get your stories from the doff lit the office Also D4bris will take plotufek Wednesday evening Nov 6^^^^ —THOMPSON WAA Hotkey No all-star practice Frlr day Nov 7, Freshman-SOphomore game instead —BLAGRAVE Ushers and Police (or Michigan 9tste Game Report to Gate 3 of Stadium, Saturday Nov 8 at 12 16 p m All men not checked in by 12 46 p m will be counted absent -RANEY Purdue Boxers Important meeting Wednesday Nov 6 at 7 p m in Fieldhous^ Meeting concerns establishment of boxing as a minor sport, so it is urgent that all be there —BENNA Student Art Guild Group Debris picture will be taken at 9 30 p m Wednesday, Nov 5 in the South ballroom of the Union Please be there —PARKS Kappa Delta Pi Debris picture will be taken at 10 20 p m Wednesday, Nov 6, in South ballroom of Union —HAYS Purdue Women’s Club: Contract lessons will begin Friday Nov 7 at the Union piomptly at 2 p m Cost is 26c per lesson
—SMITH
Mortar Board Meet on oval at 11 50 a m Wednesday Nov 6 to have picture taken Wear jackets, —FELLOWS Activities Bureau Interviewing committee meeting at 4 15 p m Wednesday, Nov ( in loom 212 of the Union Important —THOMPSON Union Sophomores There will be a meeting of the Bowling Alleys and Game Hoorn Committee Wednesday Nov 6 at 4 p m in the Student Union office Will the following please report Seals Miers, Lever West Hobbs Duffin Redwine and
Barrett
—WEBER
All Horticultural Students Important meeting Wednesday Nov 6, at 7 p m in room 203 ot the Horticulture Bldg
—SCHALLHORN
Gold Peppers Debris picture will be taken PAC Regular meeting at 4 p m WedWednesday Nov 3 m South ballronm of nesday Nov 6 in Athletic Director a office Union at 10 p m —SCAREE —ADAMS
Senioi foiesteis in Prof 0 M Davenport’s class in logging will
#iii II I make an inspection trip to Goshen Prof, Helen Hszelton Wheie they win in-
spect lumbeiing and sawmill opeiations On Monday and Tuesday they will inspect plants of the Goshen Veneei Co and the Goshen Sash and Dooi Co , laigest sash and dooi factory east of the Mississippi Riv-
ei J d s.
• She has her eye on the campus styles • She isn't just an uncommon little girl, but she represents all of the coeds around Purdue because . . . . • She knows what she wants to wear and ' • She has her allowance with a high percentage set off to buy: Dresses, Suits, Skirts, Cosmetics, Hosiery, Sweaters, Sports Apparel, Jewelry Millinery, Furs and Coats
-BUT-
The ADVERTISER must let her know where to do her buying and shopping! AND HOW?
f
Ask Any Of The Following EXPONENT Ad Salesmen
V..
Bob Domaldson Jim Petty Charlie McIntosh
Gene Baynes Gary Klouman \ Jesse Wright
or Don Johnson
AND THEY WILL TELL YOU HOW
f
/
'■A