f ‘ i
A
8^
the Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indiana, Wednesday, October 13,1937
NUMBER 2^
Student Union Will
Give Variety Hours As 'Varsity Show'
With the permission of the National Broadcasting Company, Student Union officials in charge of the Weekly Union Variety Hour have changed the name of their program from “Variety Hour” to “Varsity Show.” Planning to outdo even Pontiac’s directors- the Union will hold auditions evevy week day, except Saturday, frojtti 4 until 6 p. m., starting tomorrow and continuing until every student or specialty group desiring to try-out has been heard. Auditions Auditions will be held in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building under the supervision of Tom Garland, Union vice-president in charge. Audition applicants will be signed up tomorrow afternoon and will be assigned a time for audition. Union officers request that any students who feel that they have talents report to the tower room tomorrow. First Show Friday First regular Varsity Show program will be presented Friday night in the Union ballroom from 7:15 to 8:16 p. m. Admission will be free, and the program will be over in time for the Scarecrow party.
Old Time Purdi^e Co-ed Tells About
Stairstep Puzzle
That part of the story in the October 6 paper about the circular stairway in Univei^sity Hall drew comment from a Purdue co-ed of the early nineteen hundreds. At first glance the stairway appeared to have a blank end. This former students says, however, that the library used to be in University Hall and because of lack of space a tall, revolving book case was built. The stairsteps were then constructed so that the students could obtain books by mounting the steps and pushing the case around. The bookcase left with t^e library; the stairway remained in mid-air leading nowhere, to be removed in August.
Hedl Will Discuss Eastern Situation At Open Meet Prof. F. R. Hall, of the history department, will address an open meeting of the Purdue Student Alliance at 7:30 p. m. tonight in the faculty loifnge.
His subject will be the Sino-Jap-anese War. In his talk he will briefly summarize the history of the relations between Japan and China.
Co-eds Wilt Hear Discussions On Work
Opportunities At Second Conference
Co-eds will again have an opportunity to hear brief word pictures of fields of work in which they are interested in the second Conference on Women’s Work and Opportunities to be held in the Union Building October 20 and 21. A general session, with four speakers, followed by a social hour, will open the series of meetings October 20 at 7:30 p. m. in the faculty lounge. Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth, and Dr. Kathryn McHale, as Purdue staff members, will welcome all guest speakers and outline opinions
on business and education as fields of work for women.. Three discussion periods are scheduled for October 21. Sixteen talks by guest speakers covering most fields of opportunity for women will be given during these times. Authorities in various fields have been asked to speak, through invitations of the WSGA vocational guidance committee, headed by Dor'othy Marten,et, and the dean of women’s office. “Salesmanship” will be discussed by Sara Frances Jones, in a 45 minute lecture, with a 46 minute question and answer session following. Lenore Stater, of the TVA project.
who has been instructing Tennessee folk in the use of electrical appliances, will lecture on “Research in Household Equipment.” Other women coming here for the conference are LaArina Engle, so cial security worker from Washing ton, D. C., Dr. Maude Slye, professor of pathology at the University of Chicago, and Florence Hawley Smith of the Scott Foresman publishing company. The conference will be concluded with a dinner at 6 p. m. October 21. in the Union ballroom. Judge Florence E. Allen, of the Federal Court of Appeals, will be the chief speaker.
New Physics Building To Be Ready For Occupation Soon
By J. C. Woodson
How many times have you walked past the new addition to the Physics Building and wondered “What’s in it?—how many rooms ?—how much did it set the government back?” These and a few other questions about the most redently finished building on the campus will occupy the next few paragraphs.
Complete Exterior Begfun almost a month after most of the Purdue eds and co-eds had started to enjoy their summer’s vacation, the addition slowly rose from the tqp of the one-story Phyics annex until Contractpr, A. E. I^emmer, on October 2, decided that the exterior was finished and removed the steam winch and elevator. According to Dr. K. Lark-Hor-ovitz, head of the physics department, the new building will be entirely ready for occupancy some time between the end of this week and the first of November. Dt. Lark-Horovitz also estimated that the addition had cost in the neighborliood of $40,000. There are 12 rooms in all; two
general engineering physics laboratories, two small labs for advanced work, an electricity lab, an inter mediate lab equipped for heat, mechanics and optics experiments, two recitation rooms seating 25 students apiece, a preparations room, where instructors may prepare laboratory apparatus before class, a physics library, and departmental offices. ’ A. C. And D. C. All labs will be equipped with A.C. and D.C. electricity, gas, and regulation desks and stools. A feature new in this building, however, is the new style desks to be used in the electrical measurements lab. Because of the scars caused by the electric arcs and short circuits in the wooden desks now used for electrical experiments, the new desks will be of the department’s design, with Transits (a plastic) tops, and allmetal frames. Another unusual feature is the 16 foot ceilings, which were caused by the designer’s attempt to make the heights of the old building and the annex as near alike as possible.
Gym Looker-Over
James E. Rogers
Officials Inspect P E, Recreational
Facilities Today
Inspection of the physical education and recreational facilities of the University will take place this morning under the direction of J. E. Rogers, of the National Physical Education Service,^ and F. S. Stafford, of the Indiana Bureau of Health and Physical Education. Classes of the education and physical education departments will be included in their tour of inspection of the University. Following the tour, Rogers and Stafford will be the principle guests at a luncheon given by the physical education de partments. ^ Rogers has been in the physical education field and allied fields for over 35 years. He has addressed practically all of the state teachers’ associations of the country and also numerous state and national meetings of prominent educational organizations. During the last 10 years, he has averaged over 125 addresses a year, reaching over 500,000 people connected with educational and social groups.
Jimmy Cathcart Will
Play At Gold Digger^'
Jimmy Cathcart -will bring his hand from Indiana University to play for the annual Gold Diggers Dance, October 22 in the Memorial Union ballroom from 9 to 12 p. m Tickets, priced at $1.00 a couple will be on sale at the Womens’ Residence Halls, all sorority houses, and at th^ Memorial Union desk, starting today. One of the highlights of the co-ed bid dance will be the selection of the “most eligible bachelor” in the Uni versity. Each co-ed may vote for the hoy whom she considers the most eligible bachelor by writing his name on her ticket stub. Arrangements for the dance are being made by Betty Jo Sexton and Betty Elstrum.
Meredith Club Plans
Picnic For Tomorrow
Members of the Virginia C. Meredith Club will open the year’s activities with a picnic at the WAA cabin at 6:30 tomori’ow evening. All home economics students and members of the faculty are eligible to attend. Tickets, priced at 26 cents, may be bought from Nina De Witt, president of the club, or at the main office of the Home Economics Building. They are also for sale at all the sorority houses and the residence halls. At the picnic the program for the year will be announced and the plans for the State Home Economics Day on October 21 will be discussed.
Co - ed Governing Body Will Assemble In Union Tomorrow
Members of the Women’s Self Governing Association will assemble in the faculty lounge of the Union tomorrow at 4 for their first mass-meeting of the year. Headed by an address from Ruth Houghton, women’s placement advisor, on “Vocational Guidance for Women,” this meeting is arranged principally for the orientation of freshmen women to the functions of WSGA. At this time the freshmen WSGA representatives will be chosen. So far there are but four petitions for the positions having the necessary 25 classmate’s signatures: Peggy Terstegge, Doris Gamble, Joyce Burnham, and Vink Fleenor. From these girls two will be elected as freshmen representatives. Trying to find a new name to substitute for its present “mass meeting,” WSGA is offering a prize in the form of a ticket to the Gold Diggers’ dance to the composer of the acceptable name. All suggestions must be handed in at the beginning of the meeting so that they may be judged and a decision made before adjournment.
Audience Of 1700 Cheers Rethberg, Pinza At Convo
By J. C. Woodson
Seventeen hundred students, faculty members, and townspeople last night showed their appreciation of the joint recital presented in Jefferson High School gymnasium by their repeated demands for encores and their enthusiastic applause following each number presented. Ezio Pinza, tall, suave, Italian, sang the first group of numbers immediately following the parting of the curtain at 8:15. Very calm, practically motionless, in his characteristic pose of left thumb in pocket, right hand on piano, Pinza sang through his first part in the program in a rich, mellow, basso voice. The audience spontaneously
Eastwood Discusses
Physical Guidance
Dr. F. R. Eastwood, of the physical education department, addressed freshmen counselors on “How to Counsel Freshmen on Matters of Health and JRecreation” yesterday. Speaking before the second meeting of the counselors. Dr. Eastwood stressed the place of exercise, nourishment, and rest in a well-rounded schedule. ^ Need Varies Granting that the need for food, rest, and recreation varied with different individuals. Dr. Eastwood attempted to set up a schedule of requisites for the average freshman. He said that a good night’s rest is between 6 and 8 hours of sleep, and that not only the quantity of sleep was important, but also the quality. Balance Necessary Dr. Eastwood further said that a fine balance of nourishment must be kept to have an efficient body and mind. Over-nourishment tends to render the brain sluggish and fill the body with poisons, while undernourishment results in a general deterioration of both mental and physical ability. Lastly, Dr. Eastwood stated that every student should average an hour of strenuous exercise each day.
Religious Council Plans Folk Dance
Virginia reels, square dances, and old fashioned games will be torn from the past and brought to life in the Union ballroom for the Scarecrow Ball Friday night. Under the expert tutelage of Charles Lidenby, of Indianapolis, University students will cavort through oldtime dance steps. Sponsored by the Purdue Religious Council, the affair is in charge of a committee of members of all the religious foundations. “Scarecrows” may obtain their tickets to the ball, which will start Ftiday at 8 in the ballroom W the Memorial Union Building, at the Union or at any of the religious foundations. /
Burnham To Speak At Open
Alpha Phi Omega Meeting
^ Alpha Phi Omega, national Scouting honorary, will hold an open meeting tonight at 7:30 in the ballroom of the ll^emorial Union Building. Head freshman football coach, Elmer Burnham, will address ^ meeting.
applauded his contribution, called him back three times, and finally insisted upon an encore. Songs In English Elisabeth Rethberg, flaxen-haired German soprano then took the stage, her peach-colored evening gown blending with the blue drape backdrop. She sang her three songs in English, in contrast to Pinza’s selections, which were in' his native tongue. For an encore. Mademoiselle Rethberg sang a lively English song. Combining their talents. Miss Rethberg and Pinza sang next a duet, “La Ci Darem La Mano” from Mozart’s opera. This was followed by an encore duet. Assume Lively Air After a five minute intermission, the selections seemed to assume a livelier air, Mme. Rethberg receiving an ovation for her spirited rendition of “Im Herbst,” German song of autumn and faded love. Mr. Pinza bid high for the audience’s favor, with the unique manner of his singing “Mephistopheles’ Serenade.” The final selection was “The Swallow Duet.”
General Motors Will Present Pidures Of University Band, ROTC
Thugs Burglarize AKL Fraternity A thief or thieves enteiled the Alpha Kappa Lambda house on Marstellar street some time late Monday night and made away with approximately $46.50, ransacking the drawers and wallets about the house, it was discovered yesterday morning. Two rooms containing $126, were overlooked by the night visitor who made his way into the locked house supposedly by use of a skeleton key. The theft was not discovered until about 6:30 yesterday morning. Police were notified, but they had no clues as to the identiy of the burglar. Fourteen mbn are living in the house.
Motion pictures of the University’s military band, taken last spring during the annual corps area inspection, will be shown this Friday evening at 7:00 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. The program, presented by General Motors through the Jam Handy Picture Service and under the auspices of the department of practical mechanics, is open to all students and faculty members.
This will be the first opportunity that the University has had to view any df the movies made at the inspection. Included in the program ydll be pictures dealing with automobile spring systems, safety in the factory, wireless photography, and several entertainment features.
Yale's Dr. Hitchcock
SpeaksAtAChSMeet
Old Chapel at Wabash College was the scene last night of a joint meeting of the Purdue and Wabash sections of the American Chemical Society.
Orchesis To Witness Movies Of Dancing
Moving pictures of the foremost American concert groups of modern dance will be presented at the first meeting of Orchesis, honorary dance club, this evening at 7:30 pjn. in the Women’s Gymnasium, Louise Harry, president, has extended invitation to attend to all interested faculty members and students, both men and women. Among the dancers will be the Marian Van Tuyl group of the University of Chicago; Doris Humphrey, Charles Weidman and their groups; Hanya Holm’s group; representatives from the Bennington School of Dance; and the Morton Dance group, a Chicago high school dance club, formerly under, the leadership of Miss Knight, University gymnastics instructress. Following the motion picture, girls may receive instruction in beginning dance technique.
Theta Xi Pledges Two
Theta Xi, social fraternity, announces the additional pledging of p. H. Powell, and L. H. Gurtner, both of Lafayette.
Dr. D. I. Hitchcock, associate professor of physiology at Yale University since 1930, was the main speaker. He delivered an address entitled, “The Determination of Hydrogen Ions” at'a special meeting.
Hitchcock was born in Detroit, Mich., in 1893 and received his undergraduate training in chemistry at Dartmouth. He secured his doctor’s degree from Columbia University in 1922 and has sinee served as instructor at Bryn Mawr and Dartmouth. In addition he was on the staff of the Rockefeller Institute for Medical Research for five years. His research has been on membrane equilibria, physical chemistoy of proteins, and hydrogen ion determinations.
YWCA Launches
Membership Drive
What YWCA is and what it does was explained by the heads of committees at an open meeting Monday in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Dorothy Bryant presided and introduced Peggy Hamilton, who told of plans for the new membership drive. The group was then divided into the committees.
Memberships will be taken rmta next Monday afternoon. The membership fee is $1.00 and may be paid at all sorority houses and the residence halls. The YWCA office will be open every afternoon this week from 4 to 5:30 to receive subscriptions.
Tomorrow night Betty Kleiii, who is co-chairman of the meinhft|«l>lp committee, will speak before ^ president's council t|m Iftiger rooming houses about YW^A,I
5
Mr
%wwf
%
^ i
■'%
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889
n tn o e w ^kssocia^ (Bolkgifttg ^ress Digest
RBPRBSENTBD FOR NA1 o AL. Au t^HTIblNG BY National AdvertcsingService, Is^o. College Publishers Rehresentattve 420 Madison AvE New York N Y Chicago - boston Loa Ahoeles saw Francisco
Editoiial Phone 60S7 Campus Subscriptions $3 per year
OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6088 Mail Subscriptions $8 60 per year
EDITOR-IN CHIEF
. . R P Manion
BUSINESS MANAGER DC. Miller
NIGHT EDITOR
Stanback October 13, 1937 ISSUE EDITOR
Kroeplin
exponent platform Im^ove student housing conditions Promote student honesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparmgTof laboratory reports Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods
the memory of these noble dead throughout the year by observing the most precious and at the same time the most practical tradition the University clings to?—D. G. T.
Grade Forecast: Clear To Cloudy
Walk Around The Cross
While we were watching people pass to and fro across the lobby of the Memorial Union Buldmg from the balcony the other day, m the short time of ten minutes a number of underclassmen, several cord-wearing seniors, and even a professor were seen to walk over the cross inlaid in the floor.
It IS heartening to see one person who is willing to fight against an ancient, outmoded tradition. This is the case with one University professor here.
Editorial after editorial has been written in practically 'every university newspaper m the land about “University Traditions ” The principal of not walking over this cross, however, rises far above the plane of mere tradition. It is a tangible, outward, and always apparent tribute for those to whom the building itself was dedicated.
For years it has been customary for instructors to mark papers with a letter grade such as A, B, etc., with the average of these marks forming their basis for assigning final grades in the course. For one unavoidable slip during the course of a semester, a student may be penalized in his final grade, even though his knowledge of that particular part of the subject is comprehensive.
“In order to establish a more permanent monument to patriotic service, the Purdue Memorial Union Building is dedicated as a perpetual memorial to these sons of our alma mater who, in the performance of the highest duty of citizenship and in devotion to lofty ideals, gave their lives in the service of their country.”
One professor in the mathematics department has taken steps to eliminate this flaw. In his classes an examination is given over each part of the course; a grade of “clear plus,” “clear,” or “not clear” is given. Students who receive a grade of “not clear” on any examination are allowed to take a makeup quiz over this particular work within the two weeks following the test. If they pass this they are credited with a grade of “clear” m the class record.
These words on the bronze tablet above the cross precede the names of 67 men who died in action or in service during the World War.
Whatever youth may think about the necessity of the last war, about compulsory military training, about making profit for munition makers or foreign investors, or about Gen. Smedley Butler’s coming convocation address, “War Is a Racket,” the fact remains that these men gave their lives for what they believed to be the right. For tHis fact alone, they will never be forgotten.
To those who fail again on the make-up quiz, the final examination in the course offers another opportunity to earn a grade of “clear.” A grade of “clear plus” indicates as might be naturally inferred, a better knowledge of any particular section than is required.
Is it not, then, up to the present day Purdue supporter and American to perpetuate
Because of the University ruling which states that a final letter grade must be given in each course, this professor marks each student thusly. These final grades are given, not from an average of the semester marks, but upon the basis of the amount of the course in which the student was able to receive a “clear,” that is, the parts of the course in which he was able to demonstrate a satisfactory knowledge.—K. C. H.
Letters to the Editor
Any letter to the editor mast not exceed 150 WORDS in lengrth, and mast be accompanied by the writer’s sitrnatnre. Unless Otherwise requested, the author’s name will be published with his letter. If, for reasons obyions to our readers, we see fit to withhold any name, that name will be kept in strict confidence.
The Exponent assumes no responsibility for opinions voiced herein.
Bring Drum Out of Hiding
Dear Editor I am wondering how many students have read the article entitled “Purdue’s All-American Band” that appears in the football programs This article contains numerous merits of Purdue's great band. Among them are listed Purdue’s introduction of band formations on the football gridiron and also the countrywide publicity of Purdue’s large drum. Purdue bands have been known throughout the school’s history, and especially its dium The drum made no appearance at eithei the Butler and Carnegie Tech games, and from all appearances will not travel to Northwestern, where our band aroused so much interest at the night game in 1935 In the past it was always taken to Chicago What I want to know is why it isn’t being used? Although only a fieshman I have attended football games at Purdue since 1929 Each year I have enjoyed the great band and tiaditional drum. After finally reaching college myself I find the drum remaimng in the Aimory at all times. Something as well known as Purdue’s drum should be used to maintain this long tradition. D. E. Rosenthal, Sti. ’41.
By Sally McKee
“Pardon me”—some people never use it, some people seem to use it as an excuse to “get by with” things To those who don’t use it may we suggest that “Pardon me” or “I beg your pardon” rounds off the corners of a necessaiy, accidental, or unavoidable discouitesy. As you step on a piotruding toe, when you must pass in front of someone, or when you unknowingly interrupt a conveisation, you will find that “Pardon me” will change a fiown to a smile
By Mary Cooley
Something new undei the sun—a walking sprinkling machine used to water the gridiron at the University of Nebraska It’s set up at one end of the field at night, and by the next morning has traveled the full length of the field, propelled by the foice of the water.
If you aie one who thinks that “Paidon me” will open the way foi any breach of etiquette or civility then let us warn you you’re not getting away with it. “Pardon me” IS to be used when an offepse is committed or unavoidable.
"EE'33, Represents Electric Company In South
Editor’s Note: Letters con-
tmue to come to our office that
' 'X
do not fulfill the requirements
establiphed for their pubhea-
tioiu We are glad to print let-
leters from our readers, but li-
bel laws and space limitations
make it necessary for us to set
if
up certain qualifications.
I"®;
'' a.*# , ,
C E Harding, Jr., E. E ’33 and son of Di C Francis Harding, head of the school of electrical engineering, has been appointed by the General Electric Company as pioduct seivice representative of the southeastern states His headquarters will be Atlanta, Ga Having had electiic lefrigeiation expel lepce with this company at Schenectady, N Y , at Fort Wayne, Ind , and foi the past year at headquarter s, Nela Park, Cleveland, O., he now takes charge of refrigeration foi that company in the states of North and South Carolina, Georgia, Florida, Alabama, and parts of Tennessee and Kentucky.
One out of every three boys and girls who finished high school last year, is on a college campus this fall, experts at the federal office of education in Washington, D. C. have figured
Just an old college custom—this idea of striking Dad for funds. Dr H. M. P Klein, a history professor at Franklin and Marshall college, found a letter dated 1788 addressed to Peter Rhoads, Sr , ^ member of the Pennsylvania Assembly Rhoads, Jr., needed money, so he had written: “Dear Father: “Your favor of the thirteenth last I received on the eighth .. Gibson’s Surveying is not immediately necessary, but it (the book) would greatly assist me. In this you may please yourself, and I am satisfied. I will, with the help of God, learn that the money you have advanced me shall not be lost ”
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Ever hear of a “brostei It’s singular in form, plural in meaning, and mhsculine and feminine in gender. Prof. F Earl Waid, of the Manchestei College English department at St. Paul, Minnesota, repoits that a former student suggested “broster” to represent “brother and sistei.” You see, it’s the beginning of one and the end of the other hitched together
Editor’s Note: Yesterday’s request for criticisms of this column brought storm of reply. Reprinted below are excerpts from some of the letters sent in. We thank today’s contributors for what we believe is the best B and B column of the year.
Dear B and B Editor:
“Bold and Black was swell this morning. For a change from the usual boring, juvenile poems and unfunny remarks, it had a little zest and spice to it. “It contained things which were campus chatter. However, of late, it has been ’goody-goody’ and hasn’t told things people want to know, because it might hurt somebody’s feelings.” —A Senior.
“We cannot help but admire your courage in requesting compliments and complaints of your column. The column IS not typical of the student body. What care we 6,000 students what a Kappa said to a Beta on a Friday night at 2 24 o’clock’ If you are going to be a humorist or a Walter Wmchell, be one ” David Crabtree, EE ’39 Bill Pellens, Ag. ’39.
“The editoi of the column sure must be of some lowdown type If that IS all the bettter 'if can do, I would say, cut out the column altogether.” ChE ’40.
The editor of Bold and Black should be up on the Ag campus writing about cows.” (Unsigned)
“It IS 0 K. to make remarks about people if the remarks can pass as a joke Today you made sortie dirty cracks ” Ag ’38
“What I think of your B and B would be a crime to put in writing. I never saw anything in print so cheap as this morning’s bull The girl involved made a^name for herself and not through your applause Yours would hot be worth anything anyhow Besides, what one does is no one else’s damn business, especially yours, snotty, Here’s hoping that you get the worst end of the deal, you dumbhead.” Student Bob
“If you can’t do better than you did in your latest effort, I would suggest that you give up to someone with more talent ” Dick Enkhart
“What kind of things do you have on your staff? Surely not men.” One of the Students.
History students at Mount Holyoke College have mitten a prophecy about whithex we aie drifting, to be sealed up for a bundled years
“True, a few with minds and ideas as low as the writer might find this column to his liking, but few are that low ” R. B
“I was nauseated this morning by a peculiar dark-brown taste in my mouth and I can only attribute it to the fact that I read your Bold and Black column.” A Blank.
“The writer of the Bold and Black column should be remo\fed from his position. This morning’s column was trash, and the manner in which it was printed was not correct.” (Unsigned)
This was a cheap gesture and should not be permitted ”
“This B and B column was terrible. Who IS the catty, prejudiced misinformed, numbskull who wrote it? What’s the idea? Sour grapes?” Disgusted Reader.
“Why don’t you attempt to find out how the former writers put oVer the column’”
“I think that the column this morning was low and cowardly. It delved into a subject of private affairs. That was not the business of the writer to give his opinion on a private matter.”
Wednesday# October 13,1937
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichly
T’ve been racking my brain all day how to patch up that quarrel with my wife.” ''
Co-Edits
If you have been wondering why so many girls are proudly carrying handsome new black note-books inscribed with WSGA and their names in gold, here’s the answer When the freshman afid transfer orientation committees, under the leadership of Georganna Huber and Louise Barn, planned their work for this year, a need for careful selection and training of counselors was realized. After the counselors had been interviewed and chosen on their interest, dependability, and personality, the training problem loomed up. So last year’s chairman, Jeanette Scudder, directed the compilation of outlines and a review of methods and means of best accomplishing the counselor’s purpose to help the freshmen women become adjusted to college life through friendly advice and assistance The notebook covers became a
— LAST DAY— JEAN ARTHUR EDWARD ARNOLD
“EASY LIVING” —PLUS— MADGE EVANS IN “THE 13TH CHAIR’
Thursday - Friday - Saturday Gene Autry “GIT ALONG ” LITTLE DOGIES” plus Frankie Darro
“TOUGH TO HANDLE”
Starts Tomorrow DOUBLE FEATURE
Plus Mickey Rooney
“HOOSIER SCHOOLBOY”
reality through the generous donation ol President Elliott
And that’s why all counselors now consult their little black notebooks and record their progress week by week And they’re all as proud as peacocks of then new goldlettered gifts M. C.
MAD'Cl
LAST DAY-
Thursday - Friday Pat O’Brien Joan Blondell
‘BACK IN CIRCULATION”
Thursday - Friday - Saturday John Barrymore
“BULLDOG DRUMMOND COMES BACK” —PLUS— Josephine Hutchinson “THE WOMiSv men MARRY”>A^dnesday« OctoberlS, 1937
THE PURDtlE EXPONENT
3
Boilermaker Gridmen Prepare For Stiff Northwestern Game Saturday
With Saturday’s victory over the Carne^e Techmen tucked away in the records, the Boilermaker gridmen are settling down to some intensive training for the next tilt on their schedule, that with Northwestern at Evanston this Saturday. Northwestern, last year’s Big Ten champions, are undefeated so far this season. They romped over Iowa State, 33-0 Saturday before last, and while the Gold and Black M^ere trimming the Skihos this last week-end they licked Michigan 7-0. Versatile Attack The Purple squad has a versatile attack system. Unable to gain consistently through Michigan’s line by scrtmmage last Saturday, the Wildcast took to the air in a passing attack that netted them the winning tally. Purdqe’s passing was not given much of a workout in Saturday’s game. The Gold and Black only tried four passes, completing two of them, but there will probably be more aerial work this Saturday, especially if the game proves to be elose. Fehring Scouts Purple The Boilermakers are not tinder"^rating Northwestern’s power. Assistant Coach Dutch Fehring, who scouted the Purple tilts with Iowa State and Michigan commented, “It is the greatest Northwestern team I have ever seen^ Fehring played against the Wildcats in the famous post-season charity game in 1931 when the Purple was defeated 7-0, and also in 1932, when Northwestern tied the Boilermaker squad 7-7, to spoil an otherwise perfect record. Waldorf Displeased Lynn Waldorf, Purple coach, was not pleased with his team’s showing against Michigan last Saturday. He is spending most of the time this week-^ drilling the squad on line plays. The Wildcats were unable to make any consistent gains Saturday through line plays, and only by resorting to passing were they able to down the Wolverines.
Beats Ambrosen In Billiard Match, 200-121 M. H. Ingleman beat A. Ambrosen 200-121 in an exhibition billiard game Monday night in the Union Billiard Room. The game ran for 68 innings, and was tied up all the way until 16 innings from the finish, when Ingleman staged a rally and pulled out in front to win. Play was rather ragged until the closing innings. Ingleman scored the highest straight run of the contest, running up 30 points. Ingleman holds the intercollegiate record for straight runs, with a score of 427. ^ Tournaments will be held in the near future to determine the five outstanding men inHhe University who will compose the team to compete in the intercollegiate billiard match. In this match last year, Purdue lost to Cornell and also lost a cup to Wisconsin, which they hope to regain.
Sports Work Schedule Wednesday—Junior, McDonald. Sophomores, Tillson, Brewer. Freshmen, Chase, Dolan, Callings. Thursday—Junior, Witwer.' Sophomores, Soderstrom, Jenkins, Qualls, Bown. Freshmen, Ganzer, Weijola, Doty, Shelling. Friday — Junior, Witvter. Sophomores, Jenkins, Tillson, Collins. Freshmen, ^ Weijola, Callings. Saturday—Junior, McDonald. Sophomorps? Sheeks, Brewer. Freshmen, Van Hook.
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
' \
Take a tip from us - - Gullion’s coats serve a touchdown anywhere. Inspect our men’s clothing and accessories, then you’ll know why we can say this.
I N Co
Annual Interschool Cross-Country Meet Scheduled For Today Events in the annual interschool cross-country meet to be held today are open to all, especially aspirants to the cross-country teajn. The 2% mile run will take place on Intramural Field, starting at the Fourth Street entrance at 4:16. Aside from the intramural medals to be given to the first three who cross the finish line, possible berths on the cross-country team are in the line"T)f awards. All those who plan to enter the race must report to the intramural office to receive their number. Num-bers-lvill, however, be passed out on the field before the race to those who are unable to get to the intramural office. Co-ed Round Robin Hotkey Tournament To Start Od. 25 Co-eds will compete in a double round-robin hockey tournament starting October 26 at the women’s hockey field. Barbara Dobson is in charge of the tournament. After the tournament the “allstar” hockey game will be played. Twenty-four girls will be chosen from the entire group for Gold and Black teams. At the close of the hockey season, class numerals and “P” monograms-will be presented at the annual fall banquet, November 18, at the W. A. A. cabin. All girls interested in the tournament must complete eight hockey practices by the end of next week.
TOUCHBALL TODAY—4:16 Field 1—Acacia vs. Phi Gamma Delta— Van Hook. 2^Alpha Chi Rho vs. Phi Pi Phi— Kerber. 3— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Pi Kappa Phi—Boyer. 4— Beta Sigma Psi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon—Carnes. 6—Delta Tau Delta vs. Sigma Alpha Mu—Wallace. 6— Delta Upsilon vs. Sigma Chi— Billings. 7— Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma Pi— Knox. 8— Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon—Juillard.
We were glad to see Bob Walpole back last Saturday and glad to give the column up for one day . . . gave us a chance to spend more time in watching the team and the efforts of the individual players . . . what we saw was emphasized by the statistics of the game . .. Tech outdid uSj in every^thing but the score .. . the future is somewhat disheartening unless a decided change in spirit and improvement in blocking takes place between now and Saturday ... we say somewhat, because the goal line stand and Brock’s dizzy trail td a touchdown showed that the boys could play ball when they decided to. —^fc— T^e city series stands at three-all with the Cubs taking yesterday’s game 6-2 . . . folks must certainly like their baseball in order to watch a series drag out the way this one has . . . today the game is at Wrigley Field. —fc— The Phi Delts are leading the Theta Chis at the end of the first nine holes of the 18-hole final match . . . they are planning on finishing the match tomorrow afternoon . . . golf is one of the minor inter-fra-ternity events . . . five participation ^points to the winning team and three to the runner-up. —^fc— Tomorrow will be the third chance students have had to pass off Sigma Delta Psi events ... as soon as it has been determined what men have passed off seven events, they will be taken into the local chapter and given instruction in the more difficult stunts ... a list of these men will he published at a later date and a meeting called next week.
ALL-CAMPUS GOLF Qualifying Round Wednesday—3:00 L. G. Lefforge, E. A. Good, R. Burkholder, R. Maynard, W. McCullough, F. M. Puryear, Ray Gunn, J. Alston, A. E. Evers, E. E. Butler, P. McDonel, P. McKenzie. D. E. Wilkins, H. Goldstein, J. T. Haller, C. Terhune, T. Parker, J. Woronka, T. O. Marshall, R. Hoffer, F. C. Richardson, L. Rowan, L. R. Bearse, R. M. Kolb.
Fraternity Softball Champion^ip Teams Ready For Finals; Five Squads Undefeated
Hurlers Begin Fall Diamond Practice Fall baseball practice is now in full swing with about 30 sophomores, juniors and seniors practicing nightly on Intramural Field. The practices consist of batting practice, infield work, and scrub games. Indications point to a superior pitching squad for next season. Several sophomores, out for the first time this fall, are pushing the veterans, and may nose out some of last year’s regulars for permanent berths on the squad. Practice Daily Practice will be held daily as long as the weather permits. After it gets too cold to play outside there will be a short layoff before the squad starts practicing in the new Fieldhouse. Spring practice will be held on the new field behind the Fieldhouse.
SOFTBALL TODAY—4:15 Diamond 1— Ward 9 vs. Ward llA. 2— Delta Chi vs. Phi Kappa Tau (Playoff) « 3— Ward 6 vs. Ward 2X. \ 4— Beta Theta Pi vs. Theta Chi. (PlayoffJ^_ J 6—Ward 13 vs. Ward 7. 6— Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 7— ^Alpha Chi Rho vs. Faculty. 8— ^Ward 2 vs. Ward 4. 9— Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 10— ^Ward lOX vs. Ward 12. 11— Delta Upsilon vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda (Playoff). 12— Ward 8 vs. Cary Hall 5. 16—Kappa Delta Rho vs. Pi Kappa Alpha (Playoff). 16—Ward 6 vs. Cary Hall 4.
Wednesday, October 13 11:00—American Institutions, Prof. Robert Phillips. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Farm Facts for Farm Folks. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Sports Review. 12:46—Songs and Melodies. 1:00—Meditations, by Rev. George Ritchie. 1:16—V ocational Guidance C. E. Dammon. 1:30—Keeping Ahead of the Joneses. 1:45—Market and Weather Reports. 2:00—Lafayette Grade School Program. 2:15—This Week in Literature Mr. A. R. Rolfs. 2:30—^You and Your Child, Dr. Paul Risk “The Care of Children’s Teeth.” 2:45—Cathedral Echoes, Mrs. Irvin Jackson. 3:00—The Home Decorator. 3:15—The American Scene. 3:30—Music with the Masters Betty McKee. 4:00-jThe Story Book Hour. 4:16—Clarice Speer, popular Tunes. 4:30—American Family Robinson. 4:45—Leonard Raftree, tenor.
ALL-CAMPUS TENNIS TODAY—4:15 R. W. Anderson or Brodsky vs. Woodson. Curry vs. L. W. Meyer or Monger, Douglass vs. Vaughan.
SENIOR-FACULTY TENNIS Brodsky vs. Morse.
JUNIOR TENNIS Kosowicz vs. Richardson.
FRESHMAN TENNIS Powell vs. Goodwin or Hargesheimer.
IF YOU HAVE, AND DON’T WANT TO HAVE; OH DON’T WANT TO HAVE, AND HAVE — Use the Exponent Classified Column to let others know.
Phi Sigma Kappa, Sigma Chi, Phi Kappa Sigma, Alpha Gamma Rho, and Phi Delta Theta, with six victories and no defeats, are assured positions in the playoff of the fraternity softball chapmpionship, to be held as soon as weather conditions permit. Only eight teams are eligible for the playoff, and as five of these berths are assured to the undefeated teams, there are only three positions remaining to be filled by teams having five victories and one defeat. These teams will be required to meet as soon as possible to decide the contestants. Playoffs Postponed Playoff games were scheduled to start yesterday, but because of the unfavotablh weather all games were postponed until a later date. The six teams having one defeat will also meet to decide three finalists. The standings of the eleven remaining teams are: Phi Sigma Kappa 6 0 1.000 Phi Kappa Sigma 6 0 1.000 Alpha Gamma Rho 6 0 1.000 Sigma Chi 6 0 1.000 Phi Delta Theta 6 0 1.000 Delta Chi 5 1 .833 Phi Kappa Tau 5 1 .833 Kappa Sigma 5 1 .833 Beta Theta Pi 6 1 .833 Theta Chi. 5 1 .833 Kappa Delta Rho 5 1 .833 Equestrians Will Meet To Plan Student Riding Club Riding enthusiasts will meet for organization planning in the Student Union office tonight at 7:30, it was announced last night by R. S, Harper, Student Union vice-pres-ident in charge of arrangements. A Purdue Riding Club, as a Student Union activity, is the proposal up for consideration. Manager Schultz of the West Side Riding Stables will discuss the possibilities of such an organization and the probable cost.
Cinema Cues
MARS—Lost Horizon Last times today. Ronald Colman, with Jane Wyatt and Sam Jaffe, give the picture, “Lost Horizon,” a convincing reality. The beautiful landscapes of Shan-gri-La, mysterious place in China, where serenity and beauty are chief virtues, and the mystery and suspense through parts of the movie make it notable. James Hilton’s story, while changed by director Frank Capra, is nevertheless suocussful in portraying the luxurious and unreal. John Howard, Everett Edward Horton, H. B. Warner and Isabell Jewell complete a good supporting cast. LUNA—^Wife, Doetw, and Norse Last times today. The picture tri-stars Loretta Young, Warner Baxter, and Virginia Bruce. A weak attempt to change the usual “wife vs. secretary” plot makes the locale a hospital and the “boss” a doctor. Light comedy and some dramatic moments keep the pace fairly fast. NEW MAIN—Life of the Party Last times today. Joe Penner stooges in general for Gene Raymond, Harriet Hilliard, Helen Broderick and many others who want a stooge. Mixed romance, crazy situations, and songs current in radio programs make the picture lively and amusing. Added to the feature, the new March of Time offers a new high in pictorial journalism with its “War in China.” Of special interest to University students, and by request of the Purdue Entomology division, “Pests of 1937,” will also be shovm. The hordes of insects which ravaged farm areas last summer, thu government’s attempts at control and renewed efforts of a conservation prograpi are offered in the film, s ARC—Crackup. Last times today. In a picture made up of moderate dramatic suspense, noise and important men, Ralph Morgan and iPeter Lorre do much with the material they have.E"^K'''’''‘'’^^’ i I
I
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday! October 13» 1937
Art Club Will Begin Meetings Thursday Sponsored by the Student Union, the Art Club will begin its series of meetings this year tomorrow at 4 p. m. in room P of the Memorial Union Building. The purpose of the session is to outline various projects which will be taken up this year. Bi-weekly meetings will be devoted entirely to instruction for future work and to correction of work already completed. A permanent work room will be ready for use in the Union Building soon. During the year several exhibits will be presented in the Music Room of the Union. The first of these, a series of paintings by an Indianapolis artist, showing sunlight on Indiana landscape, is now being shown, and will be on exhibition until October 20. Journalists To Represent University Publications At College Press Convention Four University journalists, the editors and managing editors of the Exponent and Debris, will represent Purdue at the Associated Collegiate Press Convention opening tomorrow at the Medinah Club in Chicago, 111. C. D. Ehinger and A. A. Siebenthal. Debris editor and managing editor, will leavp for Chicago tomorrow afternoon. J. E. Brock, Exponent managing editor will go to Chicago this afternoon, while R. P. Manion, Exponent editor will go Friday. The Associated Collegiate Press is an organization of college journalistsists through the United States, the majority of college publications and yearbooks holding membership cards. Annually this organization rates and criticises the publications of its members. Union Plans To Inaugurate Weekly Contrad lessons For Bridge Enthusiasts Planning to sponsor free contract bridge lessons once a week, Student Union officials have called a meeting for tomorrow afternoon at 4 to make plans for regular lessons. Time, meeting place, and teacher must be decided upon before the Union inaugurates the weekly meetings. Tentative plans for activities of the group interested in bridge lessons include six weeks of instruction and a duplicate tournament. Two Lafayette professional bridgeteachers have been suggested but nothing definite has been decided as to the instructional staff. The classes will be for beginners and advanced players together, as bridge teachers say they must always start from the beginning in teaching any group. The place for the meeting tomorrow has not yet been decided, but will be announced in toniorrow’s Exponent. Elect Reinhard President Of Automotive Engineers N. K. Reinhard, M. E. '38, was (elected (Jiairman of the University chapter of the Society of Automotive Engineers at a meeting held last night in room 3 of the Mechanical Engineering Building at 7 p.m. R. A. Gaither, M. E. ’38, is the organization’s new vice-chairman in charge of membership; J. Vanderford, M. E. ’38 was chosen vicechairman in charge of meetings; F. ford, M. E. ’38, was chosen vicein charge of publicity and papers; and T. B. Frame, M. E. ’38, secre-tary-treasurer. Any student wishing to affiliate with the S.A.E. may see one of the above named officers, and learn how to become a member. ISewly Organized House Chooses Name Of COE Members of the boarding house at 416 State street chose COE as a house name at an organization meeting held Monday night. Officers chosen were: Robert Disterdick, president; Roger Chester vice-president; Hugh Pogue, treas urer; John Haiger, business manager; and Fred Eilers, secretary Following fbe election a committM was appointed to draw up a const! tution and by-laws.
University Calendar
TODAY Women Voters League: Card party in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 2 p. m. Lutheran Students: Meeting in room A of the Memorial Union Building at 4:15 p. m. Town and Gown: Dinner in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building at 6 p. m. Student Alliance: Meeting in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 p. m. Skull and Crescent: Meeting in room F of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 p. m. TOMORROW Farm Management Students and Staff: Picnic at Skinner’s Grove at 4 p. m. Motion Picture Film: Under auspices practical mechanics department in Eliza Fowler Hall at 7 p. m. Bible Class Meeting: Room A of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 p. m. ‘fs’ Altrusa Club Program: In the Music room of the Memorial Union Building at 9 p. m. Wesley Foundation Program: In the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building at 9 p. m. English Club Dinner Meeting: In the cafeteria of the Home Economics Building at 6 p. m. History, Economics and Government Department Dinner: In the reception room of the Memorial Union Building at 6 p. m. Contest Offers Awards For Arc Welding Themes The Lincoln Electric Company, of Cleveland, O., i sponsoring a prize contest of 446 awards, totalling $200,000 for the best papers on subjects pertaining to the scientific development of the arc welding indus try. There are 178 awards of $100 each and no award is less than $100. University men interested may obtain full information from J. D. Hoffman, director, department of practical mechanics.
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
WASHINGS WANTED—Reference, call and delivery, work guaranteed. Phone 7255.
WANTED—A ride to Madison, Wis., on week-end of October 16. Will share expenses. Call Ohlrogge 56824.
tor. W. C. Mast. 306 Salisbury. Phone 2669.
LOST—Brown Waterman fountain pen. Elbert J. Drazy. Phone 66832. Reward.
LOST—Black leather notebook in Purdue Hall room 111. Rewa;rd. Willard G. Schmidt. Physics department.
FOR SALE — 1980 model “A” Ford $60. See M. A. 4blvin. 309 Cary Hall East.
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
Speech Clinic: Clinic will be closed October 13. I —SYEER.
M. T. 4 Condition Exam: An examination for removal of C grade in M. T. 4 will be held in room 201, Armory, at 4 p. m., November 1. Students desiring to take this exam should report to me at the Armory office before noon, October 29. —HAYFORD.
\ Camera Club: Meeting, October 13, at 7 p. m in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building. Only six new members will be admitted until more room and more equipment have been secured. —SHOEMAKER.
Scabbard and Blade: There will be a meeting of Scabbard and Blade members October 13, at 7 o’clock in roorti C of the Union Building. —BAALS.
Pi Tau Sigma: Important meeting room D, Union Building, October 13, 7 :30 p. m. —COIC.
Purdue Student Alliance: Open meeting, October 13, 7:30 p. m., in faculty lounge. Prof. F. R. Hall to speak on Sino-Japanese crisis. Members please bring dues for ensuing year. —BUCKLES. Phi Lambda Upsilon: Short meeting in room 320 Chemistry Building, 7 p m., October 13. —SANDERS.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting, October 13 at 1:30 p. m. in Union Building. Freshmen invited. —MOORE
Debris Sophombres: Important meeting of the editorial staff at 4 p. m , October 13, in the Debris office. —MILLER.
Dolphin Club: Important meeting October 14 at 7:30 at the Pi Kappa Phi house. All members please be present. —ARMSTRONG.
W. A. A.: No W. A. A. activities October 14 because of W. S. G. A. mass meeting. —BRADY.
W. A. A. Fencing: Sign up in Gym for fencing by October 14. —DANIELS.
W. 8. G. A. Representatives: Meet in Y. W. C. A. office in the Union at 7 p. m., October 13. —BEAMING.
M. T. 2 Condition Exam: An examination for the removal of C grade in M, T. 2 will be held in room 103, Armory, at 4 p. m., Novertiber 9. Students desiring to take this examination should report to me at the Armory office before noon, November 6. —HAYFORD.
WSGA Judicial Board: Meeting at 4 p.m. October 13 in room B of the Memorial Union Building. —SLOCUM.
WAA: Rifle meet October 13. Schedule: Alpha Chi Omega, 6:16 p. m.; Kappa Alpha Theta, 7:46 p. m.; JPi Beta Phi, 8:30 p. m. —CHRISTENSON.
Skull and Crescent: Meeting October 13 in room F of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30'p. m. —DREVER.
Sophomore Workers: Members of our committees report to work room at 4 p.m. October 13. —SAMUELSON, MASON.
WOOD FOR SALE—Furnace and fireplace. Call Ed Morgan. Phone 71249.
FOR SALE — Model “A” Ford roadster, factory reconditioned mo-
Philatelic Society: A meeting of the Lafayette Philatelic Society will be held in room A of the Union Building at 7 :30 p. m. October 13. Please bring trading stock. —MILLER.
Knitting Club: Regular class meeting, October 14 at 7:16 p. m. in room 1 of the Memorial Union Building. —WOOD.
Playshop Costume Committee: The following co-ed members of the costume committee of Playshop will meet in the subbasement of the Union Building, October 13, at 4 p. m.: Mary Jane Carr, Myra
* the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
Bookstores
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER - Beauty Studio -
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri. KEENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
— Hardware
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBBRT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A- RISK 4th & Main Phoi^e 5701 — Furniture — r Student Equipment ^euffa. 3>uJUfuiuM 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
McKe^, Mary Yeager, Betty Spear8, Muriel CoHp, August Hite, Betty Jean Fisher, Doris Henninger, Lucy Ann Meurer, Martha A. Brown, Valerie Armstrong, Bette Smith. . -BETH McCOOL. Co-eds: Gold Diggers tickets on sale at the Union Desk starting October 14. —SEXTON.
Purdue Engineer: Editorial st6ff members including sophomores and freshmen report to Purdue' Engineer office October 12 at 4 p. ni. . , „ ' —BAALS.
PIA: All interested in enrolling in dan-^ cing class call at PIA office from 4 to 5:30 p. m. any day until October IB. —CLYMER. Rooming House Organization: Meeting of thoke interested in organization of rooming houses in PIA office at 4 p. m. October 13. Ward 1 is especially urged to be represented. —SCHLUNDT.
Independent Staff:
Meeting October 13 —MEACHAM.
Playshop: All ticket money and season tickets held by salesmen must be turned in at theater office in Fowler Hall by 6 p. m. October 15. —MILNE
Scrivener: Please put all receipt stubs in an envelope and leave at Union desk for me by October 16. —BOORD.
Sophomore Workers: Members of our committees meet in the office at 4 p. m. October 18. ' —GROSSMAN, MILHOLLAND, CABONARGI, TAYLOR.
WAA Council: Meeting October 14 at 6 p. m. in WAA office. —DELAPLANE.
Virginia C. Meredith Club: Picnic at WAA cabin October 14 at B i80 p. m. ^ DE WITTE.
WAA Hockey: Seniors and sophomores practice October 18. Practice period over October 22. Must have 8 practices in. DE WITTE.
WSGA Activities: Anyone interested in poster activities, or office work meet in WSGA office, October 18, at '7:80 p. m. —STEWART.
WSGA Poster Committee: Anyone interested report to WSGA office, October 13 at 4 p m. —STEWART.
Debris Sophomores: There will be an impoitant meeting of the editorial staff at 4 p. m., October 18 in the Debris office. —MILLER.
WSGA Elective Board: Meet in WSGA office October 13, at 7:3Cf p. m. —STEWART.
Gold Diggers’ Comps: Light, Eaatburn, Wood, Crossman, Turner, McLeod, Justin, Pyke, Stewart get comps for the Gold
Diggers’ Ball at Union desk.
-SEXTdN.
Silver Masks: Important meeting in the SAE house at 7 :80 p. m., 0‘=*^”^2WEIG
WAA: Cabin leadership course to be given October 16 from 2 :^0 to B p. m. jlue group will leave from the Gym at 2 o slock and pass the Women’s Residence _ Hall _ at 2:10. AH co-eds interested in going sign up in Womens Gym by October 16. Freshmen especially are urged to atten^^^^
Biology 40 Students: Meet in room 102 of the Engineering Administration Building October 13. RIFENBURGH. Lutheran Students’ Association: Meeting October 13 at 4 :16 in room A of the Union Building. Rev. Frank Hertzel is to speak on Christian and Social Problems. —PLANK.
Purdue Flying Club: Due to unforeseen circumstances the meeting will be held October 13 instead of October 12, in room B of the Memorial Union Building, at 7 p. m. —CONWAY.
Purdue Engineer: Staff meeting October 13 at 7 p. m. in office. Bring cards and money. —HAMMER.
Alpha Zeta: Meeting in the Memorial Union Building October 13 at 7 :30 p. m. —UNDERWOOD.
"HALF A DOZEN I^EASONS"
We could easily give thaf many good reasons why you should
have your clothes Crown Cleaned regularly.
But one reason is enough. You improve your personal appearance.
t
CLEANERS CF FINE CLOTH WEST LAFAYETTE OFFICE—TOP OF THE HILL
E S
NEW DIFFEHENT
SiftiiatnJUnstd,
New, different, in every respect—and one more issue, top. The Exponent is streamlined. It's probably the first college daily newspaper to take such a forward step. And speaking of steps, how about having it moiled to the steps of your home? Let the folks back home know that Purdue is aggressive. What it is doing. It'll come in handy (especially if you hate to write letters). Deac's, Southworth's, and the Union Desk will take your subscription. It's only $3.50 mailed in the U.S.
the Purdue Exponent