t 4
V0Ui<h6 3* No. 63
West Lafayetto, Indiana
Wednesday. November 26# 19^1
'South America Il ijVft Two Plays Vutnerable' Dr. Ih M Audiforium Hubert Herring
Jaimes Hendrikson and Claire Co., Shakespearean players York City with a record run of fourteen years of touring in the ShaheSpearean plays, will present “The Mei’chant of Venice” and “Mhcheth” in the Jefferson High Sciiool auditorium tomorrow afternoon and evening. The company management announces that the supporting cast for the plays will include, in addition to Hendrikson and Miss Bruce, John Biaflte, Natalia Priest, Eugene Soares, Phillip Beadette, Achille BieHo, Miltop Barnhart, Edward Salyatdre, Leah, Elaine Easton, hfaftin Wells and others. Also several Jeff students will be selected to,take part in the performances. Headj Their Own Company Heiqing their own company, Heiidfikaon and Miss Bruce have estahlighed th,emselyes as among the foremost inte^ of the classics drama On the American stage. “The Merchant of Venice” will be presented in the afternoon performance at 2:10, and “Macbeth” will be given* in the evening at 8. Adult tickets are priced at 44 cents for the ?’:lp per^^ and 56 cents fhr the evening play, y.d.p. -
M0eht Art Guild ■ , . . will present a round table diapussipn of Christmas shopping toh^Tit at S.p. m- over WBAA. Suggestidhs for inexpensive gifts for given at this, jtim'e. Those included -in the rdhnd thhib discussion are Jean Lauor,. Monica Beurgler, Bob Man®*’*’*o Nordlinger and , Ann Verier,
“Latin America is one of those ^naturals’ for imperialistic- expansion.” These were the words used last night by Dr. Hubert C,. Herring as he addressed an audience of approximately 1500 at th^ first of this year’s defense convocations in the Music Hall. Stressing the vulnerability of South America, Herring’s educational talk was interesting enough to hold the strict attention of the entire audience for an hour and a half. Hi's lecture revealed many interesting sidelights on the twenty Latin American countries covering threp times the area of the United States and holding 130,000,000 peo-
ple.
Eight Reasons There are eight reasons for the Latin American susceptibility to outside influence, he stated; The huge size of the South American continent attracts the eyes of the imperialistic powers. Tying in -with its bigness, the land is sparsely settled in vast areas, leaving it Wide open for attack-. South America has some of the finest soil in the Western Hemisphere. Along with its richness of soil, -the mines of that land produce some of the most strategic and important metals. The richness, of course, attracts imperialists.' Poor People Other reasons for the weakness of South America are the poorness of its people; the race question between negroes, whites and Indians; weak governments and a hangover of feudal practices from Spain. Furthermore, militaristically. South (Continued on page 4)
Martin's Chess Alpha Zefa Tb 0^ Squad Defeats Indiana Team
. 4:15
Juniors, Seniors To Outline
Lt. Com. A. R. J. L. Pieper, recruiting officer for the U. S. Naval Reserve, will come, to the University for three days starting tomorrow. to interview senioi's interested in enlisting in class V-7 of the
Naval Reserve.
Herring Visits Latin American kaitieiis Often During 20 Years
: t , ( By Stan Wolf ' He speaks from experience. That can be said of Dr. Hubert C. Herring, lecturer, writer, and authority oh Latin America and Latin American affairs. We went over to interview Dr. Herring last night before the defense convocation and found that he just returned from South America in September. He flew 20,000 miles over South America, anO incidentally, one of his fellow passengers was President Wells of Indiana University. Liked Mexico First Dr. Herring first became interested in Sbuth America when he developed a deep liking to Mexico twenty years ago. Since that time, he has been touring over the lands of our southern neighbors. He is a member of the Committee for Encouragement of Cultural Relations with South America and the author of many magazine, articles and books. His fatest book is “Good Neighbors,” dealing with social and cultural relations ^ofV Argentina, Brazil; Chile and the United States. When asked how he like the University and college audiences in
general, he replied that the University is wonderful, the Union is gi’and, the students were fine. He likes college audiences best, because they are most attentive and interested. Dr. Herring is a graduate of Oberlin College at Oberlin, Ohio, and has his Doctor’s degree in Philosophy from Columbia University. Though a member of Phi Delta Theta social fraternity, he is very much opposed to fraternities and advocates abolishment of them. Revolution In Cuba Probably the most exciting adventure in , all of his travels to South America occurred on his trip to Cuba in 1933. He found himself in the midst of a revolution, with bullets whizzing by his head. We wanted to ask many more questions of this interesting personality, but the telephone rang in his Union Club room, and we had to leave so that Dr. Herring might keep a dinner engagement at WRH. He motored to Indianapolis after a post-convo reception, where he boarded a plane for New York City.
Meeting At 4 There will be a general meeting of all interested sehiors at 4 tomorrow in the EE Building, room 129, while subsequent personal interviews will be held in room 116 of the same building. Seniors will follow the regular business interview procedure in arranging for interviews with Pieper, that is by signing their names on the sign-up sheet ih their respective school of-
fices.
Applicants for appointment as midshipmen must be between the ages of 20 and 27, inclusive, and must have successfully completed four years’ work at an accredited college or university, having included in their courses; two years of mathematics, a course in physics and a course in chemistry. An engineering degree is not required so long as the applicant has accumulated the aforementioned credits. I’reliminary Exam Capdidates for enli.stment in the USNR will be given a iireliminary examination at a Navy recruiting station, and on successful completion of these tests they will be given an opportunity to observe life aboard ship. Upon completion of the preliminary course, the candidates recommended will be appointed midshipmen, USNR, and will receive an additional three months’ training. Deck Or Engineering Approximately half of the midshipmen will then be trained for deck duty, and half for engineering duty. Satisfactory completion of this course of. training will qualify the midshipman for a commission as Ensign. Wesley Players To Meet For Informal Discussion Wesley Players will hold an informal meeting tomorrow at the Foundation House at 7:30. Maxine Abshier, Martha Cullop and Phyllis Hyde will lead a discussion on “Makeup Technic” accompanied by an infoi'mal demonstration. For the benefit of everyone, membership qualifications will be explained. All persons interested in drama are invited to attend, j.e.n.
Industrial Executives
Naval Reserve Officer
To Interview Seniors Workers' Duties At Meeting 0^ 0* TL* lAI I Fi'Gshman men and coeds interested in working on any staff Un Ldinpus I nis Wc^k Expdnent are invited to attend the callout meeting to-
morrow aftefhobn at 4:15, Lee Ruffner, managing editor, announced last night. Place for the meeting will be announced in
tomorrow’s bapef-
Purpose of the meeting will be to acquaint potential workers with the fuhctiqns and duties of the various departments : —^ ——and with the workings of the
Exponent in general, Ruffner stated. Members of the senior and juniors staffs will partici-
pate in the discussion.
Previous experience, although helpful, is unnecessary for work on any of the staffs. Only requirements for the would-be freshman
Executive^ of the leading indus- worker are interest in the woi'k, a trial plants of the state will gather sense of humor, a sense of cooperaat the University today at 1 p. m. tion, and a sense of responsibility,
in the Union to outline steps which Three Staffs
they can take to-afford^them better Three principal staffs comprise protection m their plants in view of Exponent working force: edithe extensive defense program al- business, and sports. Both ready under wpy m the state. Presi- business departdent Elliott will welcome the group however, have coed branch-
to the campus, and assistant dean of engineering. Knapp will preside
at meetin.gs of the group.
Featured speakers at the meet-
Plant Proiedion Plans
Dr. F. D. Martin’s University chess team triumphed over Indiana University’s squad of five players last Saturday in their annual preIndiana game match, when the University men won three and onehalf games to Indiana’s one and one-half. , Odd But True Interesting feature of these yearly chess matches with Indiana is the fact that, every time Indiana loses the chess match they win the football game, and each time their chess team wins, the football team
loses.
Results of the individual competitions were as follows: Allan Van Buren, Ind.,' beat George Southworth, P; Ted Anderspn, P, beat 'Wilbur Legg, Ind.; L. O. Warren, P, beat Paul Visher, Ind.; David Lennos, P, tied Robert Donaldson, Ind.; and W. W. Knitt, P,. beat Charles Popovich, Ind. Meeting Tonight The chess squad is holding a short meeting tonight at 7:15 in the game room, when L. O. Warren, captain of the University team, will demonstrate how he defeated the Indiana captain in seven moves—using five minutes to complete the game. Dr. Martin also announced that the team will make plans at the meeting for two more meets this semester. Tentative arrangements have indicated that the meets will be held with the University of Cincinnati and the Indiana phess Association, w.g.h.
es, so that coeds may take part in either type of work. Positions are open for men on all the staffs. A training school for editorial
ing will bo W. I. Spitler, chief spe- nien and coeds and for sports men nicirihlltiAtl (Tf BACicAthflll
ciat agent of the Motion Railroad will be conducted for the benefit of and president of the Indiana Asso- the new workers. Elected junior and ciation of Industrial Property Pro- senior staff members will assist tcction Direcj;ors; Joseph Lingo, di- Ruffner with this course, which will rector of the University Public hiclude study; discussion, and pfaC^
.Safety Institute, and Capt. Kenneth E. Kline, retired army officer now on the University staff’, d.e.g.
tical work vvith newspaper copy and headline writing and reporting pro-
cedure.
Editorial Staff
Central staff of the Exponent is the editorial. Work in this branch include reporting, wi’iting news and feature stories, rewriting, writing
^ ■ headlines, proof-reading and editOri LlITIGStOnG C3YGSv-‘’^^'' Ffashman woi’kers on this staff
■' will be required to, work "only one
“The Life History of Lijnestone day a week. Coeds will be excused Caverns” will be the subject of a at 6 p. m. while men will usually talk to be given this evening at be through about 8 or 9 p. m.
Geo/ogy Authority To Give Discussion
Workmen Strive To Complete Work On Harclv\^oocl Floor For First Game
7:30 by Dr. J. Harlan Bretz of the University of Chicago in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall. Having studied over 100 limestone caves in 16 different states during the last ten years. Dr. Bretz has uncovered new facts and has developed new ideas on their formation. He will illustrate his talk with a number of lantern slides. Holding his doctorate from the University of Wisconsin, he has served as a member of the faculty at the University of Washington as well as at Chicago. He has been editor of the Journal of Geology since 1923 and has , made many other studies in the field of geology besides those pertaining to the limestone caverns. , Tonight’s lecture will be the first of the year for Sigma Xi, research fraternity on the campus. The general public is. invited with no admission to be charged, p.s. Dorothy Claire
Sports freshmen workers will carry on the general editorial duties for their special type of copy, such as reporting and writing stories and headlines. Business Staff Work, on the business staff includes soliciting and writing ad copy, art make-'up for the ads, and circulation work. The coeds handle the art work through their new staff created this fall, f.i.j. Prof. J.H. Hilton ... of the dairy department, will go to Chicago tomorrow to attend the annual meetings of the American Society of Animal Production.
Tickets For Big Ten Tilts Begins On December IS Reserved student tickets for the first four home Big Ten basketball games will be. distributed in the four-day period beginning December 16 at the Fieldhouse ticket office. Admission to all non-confer-ence games will be by passport. Faculty membei-s holding coupon books may get tickets after Mon-
day, Dec. 8. .
Distribution of tickets for the Chicago, Michigan, Ohio State and Minnesota games will be made according to the following schedule: December 15—Seniors. December 16—Juniors. December 17—Sophomores. December 18—Freshmen. Donham To Atfend Dairy, iVet^erinary School Today Dr. R. C. Donham, head of the veterinary department, was in Crown Point yesterday attending a dairy management and veterinary school which was being held there. Today Dr. Donham will be at 'Valparaiso and tomorrow at Warsaw to attend Schools of the same nature as the one which was held in Crown
Point, p.s.
“As I Saw South America” in the title of the lecture to be given Iqr John Strohm, 29-year-old assistant editor of “Prairie Farmer/' in Foi#ler Hall tomorrow evening at 8. Alpha Zeta, national agricultural honorary, is sponsoring the lecture that is open to students, staff members and townspeople. Since graduating from the University of Illinois in 1935, Strohm has traveled around the world once, visiting 33 countries, while covering 40,000 miles. After spending three years in the editorial departmentqf the “PraiHe Parmer,” he was sent to South America on a flying mission last January. During the past five months he has been writing articles and making short wave broadcasts about the 18 Latin-American countries he
visited, a.l.w.
Dr. Elliott, Stratton To AddrGss Banquet Meeting For Parer0 President E. C. Elliott and Dean of Women Dorothy C. Stratton will be the speakers at the annual.banquet of the Purdue Dads’ and Mothers’ Association of Indianapolis to be held at 6:30 Friday evening, MoY. 28, in the social room of the Tabernacle Presbyterian Church, ii vies announced yesterday by Louis Wi. Bruck, president of the locaForgamzation. ■ . , President Elliott will discuss the subject, “Purdue in National Befense” and Dr. Stratton’s topic be “If I Had a Daughter at Pprdue.” Accompanying the two speakers will be Dr. Robert PhUUps pf the department of history, ecofioMics and government, who is facblty advisor for the Purdue Parents* Association, and Paul Royster, of tifayette, president of this organization of the present year. Roundtable Discussion J Following the formal talks there will be opportunity for discussion of student problems in a general
roundtable.
Officers of the Indianapolis groajp besides Mr. Bruck are Lawerence V. ' Sheridan, vice-president; Mrs. A, J. Webei’, secretary ; and Fred K. Shle, treasurer. Reservations for the dinner may be made with any officers of the association. The Indianapolis organization includes parents of students from this University who live in central Indiana and all are welcome to attend. Dr. LS. Robertson ... of the farm management department was one of the judges of the Farm Home Contest held last Friday at Louisville, Ky. The coit* test was sponsored by the Coarier Journal and Louisville ’Times and included 1,000 entries from Kentucky and southern Indiana. Several prizes were awarded.
By Don Brewer With less than two weeks remaining until Piggy Lambert’s basketball squad faces Wabash on our Fieldhouse hardwood December 8, 25 inen from the University’s physical plant, under the direction of W. M. Davisson and L. M. Smith, were working yesterday and today to Complete the erection of Lambert’s hardwood floor, started last Satui'day. Yesterday, as the floor neared completion in the Fieldhouse, a few wondering freshmen stopped the workmen with “Can we roller-skate here” or “Why do you have so miany pieces ”, but the rest of the Boilermaker basketball fans remained ignorant of the troubles that were being encountered in setting UP the University’s noted basketball floor. Hibernates In Summer Stored in a corner of the Fieldhopse every summer since its construction four years ago, the floor
conies back into appearance around Thanksgiving, when the physical plant works a complicated jig-saw puzzle while trying to assemble the 150 sections, averaging, 4 x 8 feet, into something that possibly resembles a hardwood court. Down underneath the Fieldhouse floor are concrete piers, set deep in the earth when the building was completed in 1937. On top of these are 400 eight-inch blocks, all numbered. Which actually bear the load of the wooden floor. Carefulness has prevented any wrong fitting which might result in “Say, G'us, you’ve got the foul line four feet back too far!” and to date the floor has been laid without any particular trouble. Every year work is somewhat hampered by swelling or shrinking boards, however, this year the heavy rains and wet weather made a few re-alignments necessary. During its construction, the hardwood floor was treated to pre-
vent any warpage, and this season a new paint coat will probably be applied. Face Lifted Two Years Ago Two years ago, when a new Western Conference ruling changed the length of the playing floor from 90 to 94 feet. Coach Lambert and the physical plant foremen ran into trouble in attempting to increase the floor. All sections must be staggered to get the greatest strength, each one of the 160 members fitting in a different manner. And while mentioning a few figures, it might be interesting to know that the workers will have to place from 3,600 to 4,000 screws in the floor to hold it together for the coming season. Screws, lumber, concrete, and physical plant workers— they all play an important part in the Fieldhouse hardwood, destined to take anothei' terrific (mating from Piggy Lambert’s net squad this year.
Promenade To Music By Byrne
. . . twenty-year-old vocalist with Bobby Byrne will be one of the featured attractions at the Debris beauty contest Saturday night. At her last appearance on the campus, she impressed students with her ability as a coraidienne as well as with her “tingling” voice.
By W. G. Hoskins Featured attraction of Saturday night’s Debris beauty contest, along with the^ juggler and other acts, will be Bobby Byrne at^d his band, reputed to be one of the most up and coming swing organizations in ^e business. ^ ■ Byrne’s band is unique in the field because of the youthfulness of its members, Bobby himself just having passed the twenty-two mark. The oldest member of the organization is , vocalist Jimmy Palmer who is all of 26. Heard By Dorsey Brothers Byrne started his musical career at the age of 2 when his mother gave him his first lesson an the piano. Since then he has played many instruments, and finally settled on the trombone. When Bobby was sixteen. Tommy and Jimmy Dorsey hoard him play some classical solos. When the two Dorsey brothers broke up, shortly afterward, Jimmy offered Bobby the job of filling Tommy’s place at ,first trombone in his band. And—at the
age of sixteen, Byrne adequately filled the position. Byrne’s three-year-old band has the distinction of playing at many of the country’s top-notch dancingplaces, and appearing for 13 weeks on a national hook-up for the Raleigh ’ cigarette company. He made his big-time debut at the Glen Island Casino in New Rochelle, New Yoric, where Glen Gray, Larry Clinton, Charlie Barnet, and Glenn Miller all got their starts. At the beauty contest Saturday, Byrne will depart from his usual role of band leader long enough to help .Jerry Carlon, Indianapolis photographer, pick the Queens. Dorothy Claire Sings Female vCcalist with Byrne’s band is Dorothy Claire, member of a musical family of four youthful band singers. She left Bob Crosby’s band to join Byrne when he organized his group in 1939. M^le vocalist with Bobby Byrne is Jimmy Palmer, the oldest member of the band. Palmer was rock-
eted to fame when he won the Paul Whiteman Youth of America contest at the age of sixteen. He, has been with Byrne’s band since it started. Don Redman, famed colored arranger for the band, is a college graduate and a graduate of thd Cincinnati Conservatory of Music^ Many of his arrangements hsya been used by all the top-flight bahtia in the country, but he is now- underexclusive contract to Byrne. Dick Farrell, drummer, Johhi»y Martel, first trumpeter, and J&Nwi Byrne, Bobby’s brother, are othd? featured members of the orgahlXA^ tion. One of the most unusual eljait? acter found in any band is Yelverton, clarinetist, who spends most of his leisure time reading studying religion. ■ v' November’s issue of Goll^iiklg magazine presented an arti'cle'lilill'; “One Night 'Tour” illustrating trials of a band on a Qne-ni|^M5(t/ stand tour, using Byrne’s bSKOd;^' the subject under consideratioB, ’PUftdUB ExpOnS^t / Wednesday^ November 26^ 1941
Ifi:
ikihbtkan Cdlege Students (SjAgaiAMrfnt^rvenh'on of Amierica peoples in American vartii^ersit-ies/'Itec mos?,' te recruiting :;ftfei||.,for iiiie Army arid Navy ahV corps, are four to ijij»6*tig;isiiiist sending U. Sv air force planes and pilots TO ABritaiii, .a > uaUeiial 'Studeait >poll ''^ ^M.-' /;lT|(4|^i4sures.compiled by Student Opinion Surveys together, with answers.'on the war-declara.-.<atid hu tbs '^wnrie 'fiirther
■fitfe ^^e of Blind ofnot |na<de ntn^h ifiriW&ydn '_ -col-f-iege\t<iAirtli|iiilife’;' ‘the; ^epfss le f t iby, -^ar > I hasL
gM^ren.
;Wi&/the ^,0. ;S, at^d’^ ■'corivoyifvgj ami;.'delivering to; the'.allies and the, experts clambrihg that it will riot be iuiilibns of soldiers' bfit‘planes and pi-^ lots and machines that i^ill .win the war; ‘ /this question behOhies important hf'fritur'e American p o li c y : “Do yoU think the United ^tsrtes . should at this time send part of 'her air force;'
U/S>‘Send Planes Piidb io fiwrofi#?.
m ^ Coliiuiiii - , ' ■ . ' i-, ' ■ .iv-/,-' ■ i Co^tinuii^-;t^lfh. our.ri^is 'ifehik'e'il'^ lfc ii|;_ with Herr,'Adolph’s conception'! of the M4ew oi'tiler, of ^ things, '‘we ‘tackle next the twenty-third tpisalm, i Of j course we realize that all this may be irreverent. But as the lawyers say. It is also imtnaterial. Der Fooey is my paperhanger. 1 shall not want. 'Another. _ >> .ft .It ;^e maketh'irie to lie ;dow,n,in milddy field.s. .He . sendeth me into battles fqr his name’s sake. .He restoreth the ReiCh. .\ Souls *tow*.beuiig archaic.
M'
Well,
Indiana
10:00 News
10:10 Curio Man
^th American pilots, to Europe Id help iBritain ? ” Nation-wide student sentiment divides as-follows:. YES, send air force..... .. 19.8% *;Np, .do'-'Uot send it... ......80.2% (Only 2 per cent were undecided; not included) ifigrelleling the opinions expressed above, the -colAegiahs.;answer ^9 -per cent “No” to the question, “Should the .United State.s declare war on' Germany These are the most repeated comments, gathered
'^Y.qa cthjQUgh..;I, walk .through the .valley Of the shadow'of death. He don’t give a damn. As'long ks there is. tooUi in Ihe bombproof shelter ■for'hitn. ' * ' ' ' His rod and Kis Gfe'stapS, ■ they piagUG'..mte.' ‘He'-afi-ndinteth my head with a steel helmet .and sendeth me into the presence of his*'enemies.,And though my ammunition rUnri'eth out I must chsirgebn; • * With'fixed bkyOnet. .ft ft ■ • ft ' •Surely if 'this distrust and dotible’; dealing shall follow me all the. days* of rny life. I'lbgetitheilittle weasel before I die.—-dkh
by staffs of the 165 cobperatirig 'newspaper members, including the Purdue Exponent: “Send the planes but not the men” (Randolph-MaconN “Not. if ■we'are.'in real'danger of getting, in War with Japan” 1 Florida 'State College 'f bF^Women), “ Wi th. the'R. A.’F., they don’t • need ■ us” '(‘Northwestern). ^^It' looks like the same story „as 'in' the'last .'Wav-Uhut-why should we die for Britain ?,” (GniverMty of Texas). Seeking* the best..educated :,fqr its. jayia.rion ranks, the government has depended,prrimarily on colleges to gupply the‘pilots for the thousands of'aircraft being b.uiit. All NaVy kir eddets are required ’to haye at .lea.st two :years of ebnege. Tn’the Army air Corps, of the 8j333. recruited '’for the ' year' preceding last July, only .659 did riot ' qualify Ihf oUgh cbilege trairiing. ■ ' ' ■
With a performance before the advisory board last night and a
„ and dress rehearsal scheduled for the
Vbek-'erid are Written'into the books latter part of the-Week, pfeparaf ion "HlrlO’Mbrrtitig'M’Cl'Odic.s but;>their memories, ‘‘regrets ‘and for Playahop’s production of Rob- WBAA Presents sttiff''“Wlir 'liVe 'Ori '-'for 'some' time. ert ’E. ''Sherwob'd’s ‘“.The "Pct'fffibd ■‘lb.;46H'yheati'o.of.^SoM‘g 'There Was,;a hot time:at Blooming- Rorest” enters its final stages thisProf..McKee,
ton iAsSnite offtlig Wbathei‘iiand:'tho Wbek. , ,
game. Here;;are.;a;fely of ^e thipgs 4tn|plabe:.qf. the'hsual MJedriesday ' We mari&^C^'tornbte. through ■Saturday performances, .,0 on
- ' PlayslL will offer ‘^he Petrified .
We’ll .skip the game and go right Foi-est’^ginning Tuesday, Dec. '9, m to thbiRendezvous where the score apy lastinr^Wigh.Friday, ,Dec. 1^. .A •
didn’t,.Segnr.to make much ‘d^er- jpiiliza FoWleriflMl.Tpyhrs'tthreo r' ence. iThef-e;;We .skwHBob Seeburger performances '^yill b’egin*-atl=®0 Uriian Sociology, Prof.
’ ‘ .,T; K. Noss
1:45 Markets
2:00 A-Stoiy U'Day 2:15 WPA Ti'anscription 2:30 Moods in Mu.sic, Mi .s, C. \V.
. tHeinnicr 3:.(i6 .News
3:10 Building for Defense 3:16 Special Musical Programs 3:30 Orgaii Moods 4:00 Tea Time Tunes 4 :30 Connie Connette, soprano 4:46 Little Mi.ss Muft'ett
6:00 Just Relax
6:16 Current Books, Helen Seatbn:
. 6130'Vespers . p:46 Curio Main ,
6:60 News ,
6:W fDhlUbr-Music 6:30 Sports Review 6:45 Melody'Maids
T^O SymphoriyHall 8:00 What’s Art to Me ? 8 :16 Marching Along •'■8r30'''Eventide''EohoeB 8:46 From the Press Box v:,9.:i)0 .-Irv. GivenlsiKand
9:30 M'Usic ■ 9;'60.;'Ne\ys
loifOO ' Oilr Ihe'Air
. :-y.:
By tfriew Pear.sdri and Robert S. Allen
^Embassy SfioiiM Uflbibiid, Coiirf Cbngi'ess; Fritn-Nazi Friefion rGrows ; ‘’Washir^tonv 'Nov! 25.--^Tlie‘ British'bai'ring.of RUssiari Amlja'ssador Lityjnoff from an airplane en route to-the'U.'S. A.' has increased Washingtqri Whispers that .ft is about time the "British did something to Clean up their moi-bund diplomatic se'fvice and cut-out snubs to people whb are trying to help them. : It . has long been the belief of . Americans, too polite to mention it, that the British Embassy in Washington 'can ntake more mistakes to the square inch even than Mr. Hull’s Slate ‘^Department—and many of thb .State Department’s mistake.s eeme from trying .so ardently to ape . the'British. , ’jFor years the British Embassy • has sat on its hilltop, well removed 'fribm the bustle of Washington, and looked- '.With -slightly disdainful amusement upon hoi polloi of Congress, An invitation to the-British Embassy in those good old days was ■eonsideied by the dowagers as better thaU an invitation to the White Hpu-se,-' ■ But those good old days, unfortunately both for the dowagers I oi^'Fbe Embassy, are gone, never 4o returii.’-lioWever, Uie'Embassy ' appears cbmpletely unaware of lliai fact. And its charming young
men go* their chariuing Way,.saying sometimes too ..audibly: “W-e .must be nice to Americans;” while the. real work of, defen^.n.g .Britain takes place in the British Purchasing Commission, largely under thg direction, of hard-boiled Canadians ..arid Australians. Viscount Halifax is one of the most delightful aiid genteel person's ever to grace the* Embassy. He tries hard. But hard,as' he.triesi he cannot overcome the bubbling Charles Peake, who minces, around him as if his Lordship still were Viceroy of India :with .white and' crimsoncostumed 'Sikhs ■ mourited on black chargers outside his .palace, in Calcutta, instead of being in a' city where politics are .very, earthy and where the Congressman’s Wife from Keokuk has a lot more influence than the pink' tea protocol experts usually seen ,at the'‘British Embas.sy. ' Perhaps it’s expectirig too much, but it would be interesting to w.aleh the effect on Congress if the'British Embassy'unbent a bit arid,, as a very mild coritribution toWafd winning the war, invited the wives of iiiidwestern Senators and Corigressmen to dinner. Washiri:gton Society Washington is a city where debate may rage furiously on the floor of the Senate, but simmer down to friendly .story-telling in the -anteroom or. around the dinner table.aftei 'wai'd. This is riot alway.s the case, however, and sometimes Washington society becomes so aroused that it is dangerous to invite certain strong-minded-people to dinner. •This was true 'during; the fight over Roosevelt’if Supreme Court bill; and during-the WillkierRoosevelt election t*a-mpaign; and it ,is somewhat true during the neutrality controversies today. Old hands at the . game of controversy, however, manage to keep their temper.s. For instance, seated near each other at dinner the other night were Senator Hurt Wheeler, than whom there is no more energetic isolationi.st, and Un’dersecretkry of the'Navy Forresfal,' just as 'energetically interventionist. '. . Wheelei- was talking about the jecent neutrality debate, telling-
how Rooseveit forces influenced votes by promising jobs arid dishing out patronage. Triteri’upted Un-
dersecretary Forrehtal:
“Senatoi-; did the neutrality fight reach the depths oF your fight .to pass the Whbeler-Rayburn Act?”' (The 'Holding Corporation ACt). “No,” shot back Senator Wheeler, “f didn’t have the patronage.” ’The • two men continued a ' goodnatured discussion of neutrality, Wheeler maintaining* that time would proye that his anti-Wai- stand Was right.'After the war, he contended, history Would reverse the • pi-eserit tide bf War sentiment and there would'be a revulsion Of feeling if hot a virtual'French'revolii-
tion.
“And when the guillotine ax begins to fall, Senator,” said'For'restal a^'he departed, “will you be my attorney,;?” /Finns vs. "Nazis 'Intelligence reports from Europe for 'the first time indicate friction between German and ^Ffii'riish troops on the Eastern' fron'ts. The Finns are soi-e because the Nazis have been living off the country and haVc not been "at rill scrupulous in paying Finnish peasants for pigs, cows and chickens. ' On top of this, the Nazis recently ousted Finnish children from an orphanage at Rovaninemi and used' it for the general staff. This made 1 the'Finns boil with anger. ‘Note: ' With Finnish-Bi-itish relations- anything but happy, the'British Ambassador, Lord Halifax, sat -on the right pf Mrs. Evalyn McLean .at dinner tlie other night, while ■ Finnish *Ministei Procope sat on-her left. They appeared to have a good
time.
rCapit-ol'Chaff Secretary of War Stimson’s exaide, Gob-Gene'Rqgnier,;has reported that ROTC officers in general are better than reserve officers. Regnier, Who, commands the only mechariized reconnaisance s q uad ro'n, wants to clean out a lot ,of dead officerial wood. ... Time Magazine’s special Latin American edition has been quite helpful in undoing the Good Neighhor policy. Airiong,other things Time called the President of Chile an alcoholic. . . . Ex-Congress-
havin'g htmkelf "a mighty fine 'tiirie with the Friday presentation kart
-without his gal, Bi^tty iHutchins j^g. at 8 o’clock. ..along. .The, game.'seeihed to have,.an Gi-ak:ii'er.-Star
a^^ri.c6^r'!lm':Bo^; Aho|her ' 'kankDeclkr, in'the roleiof Gkby CUtGng IdOse Without his ,dne-and- Grader, as Alan only was Jim Reeves. Where was Sq,u^rei head a large cast-whieh mhid.piiuiyTFox: while, all this was eludes "Sid, Sterns, .John Mjqgie, ghihig' OH ? ^ ^ Robert I'H-uifman, John Lipp'et-t, . . John Clark, Ruth Dray, Grant fi\y^ there (in-body Fieldon, .Dprothy Murphy, "Jack any-Wdy) with his recently acquired LoWe,'. Roberii/Rupkey, BernaikBerlU pin girl. Bob ( Beauty Con- j^an, Arthur Barch, John Jones, ■test) Adamg-managed to make con- William Lester, George .Zissis. Ro--nections - (and dmw) .With : a Sigma -Gedrirhoim; Meyeh Evanson.
Kapp-ejown-there and disappeared - .for the.rest -of the evening. We, hear ;paiitj,er Prize WinneV
she’s ready to give back the pin the netting for Sherwood’s play,' she had, now.^^ ^ ^ which won the Pulitzer Prize in '
, „ 1935, is-a filling station and lunch-'
We wonder how “Jack” Petty ,00m on the Arizona'desert, a seem-' happened to run.off the road driv- ing.j.y quiet spot midderily interrupt-' ing home.with Jane Ostrander. You ^ dangerous bandits.'' supply your bwn yeasort th^ ' g^^by Maple is a young «irl who / as ours may be; a little lar-fetched. .vants' to see the world buf is held ;But .wait ’till Ehvood Weager sees glamour of: Europe'by. lack- ^ . .... , ■ . of .'finances Which force her: to re-’? What happened to Phi Delt Bill waitress in the lunchroom. 1 .NewelMs.still a. big,mystery. The ^ desert - appears Alan
Squire, a disillusioned sophisticate '
depous He woke up in a hotel the Petrified Forest, -^lord knows, where, -How .-he .got ^ind in a ^ Gier^ .IS the • mystery; ..Maybe h>s,^,u^id„gone:macl.'After the entrance'; brothers can enlighten y ou ..with the bandits, the play progresses
-■ ■ to‘an exciting; and dramatic climax.;
. . Perform For Debaters
Not everything ol consequence .petrified Forest” is ,being h:,ppened,.at; Bloomington, however, du-eded by William L. Deam, with •; Dick '-Worl ,put ot the ^brotherly Alice Miller serving as rekindness of his .heart too Shiri'Mui- hearsal - assistant. S. M. Maks is 'phy home^y.ith hiinTorThanksgiv- tgehnical director. A special per-ing.;Murpb.showedhis,^-atitudo.by :fu„uance,'for the Debaters’ Conferputtmg his.pin.on Dick’s .girl. No- enee will-be staged on Friday, Dec.
' ttR. l>AUL.iA.4RfSK J DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR.,HAR6LD j. RISK ; /./'i 400-404 Schultx . Bldg. 4th/lihd M6lri‘'5t. ri La(^tVdHe^i
tin !*KEEP VQORf H<»ME - HEAT -AND ATTRAGfEVf-WITH
; FIXTURES HARByifA'RE:.^ f oh Hi ^SfHerb ' Hd we. 87 2-24 Msiin '8t,
body knows what that little renegade will do next. He,almost did the same thing at Baltimore last sum-
mer.
Here’s the 64rdollar. question of the week-end: What red.-headed ■:Theta from Pittsburgh spent two
Beginning today, mail orders will be filled, with the box office scheduled to open December 1. Single admissions are being sold for-75 cents, w.e.r.
dak \n Chicago arid then two more glllllllllllllllllllllllllllinillllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllty down " in Indianapolis With what i: j .ShooS 1 Delt with a red convertible? Want = ■ „ .= to try for the '128-dollar qu'estiori? "e 'Go.Oll.Wiri's ,Shoe" SfOIre '| We don’t even know the answer to, = In The Village = that one. ' ' ’ > = Purdue seems to have made the J|||||||,,,,,|,,|||,||,||,,,|,,||,|,|,||,(||||m Theta Ghi-’s a fast' bunch * of boys., — No less than six of them were ar- ' rested for-.^peeding^ during’the va- ’. cation period. Ask’’ Bob 'Willi about “Buck Rogers and his rocket slijp.”
It cost him $25.
man Denis J. Driscoll, of Pennsylvania, now head of'Associated Gas •and Electric, says that-Wall Street moguls are more irked at Harry Slattery’s efficient Rural Electrificatiori Administration than any other New Deal’regulation of the utilities. The REA is cutting into local, power companies. . . . Mo-Jasses-moving Michael McDermott of the State Department has been commissioned to hire several newspapermen as press attaches in -South Ainci-ica, but does nothing. . . . Marvin McIntyre, White House .seci-etai-5% who has recovered from a long- illness, is batting harder than ever. ■ (Copyright, 3941, by United Feature Syndicate,. Inc.)
AII-'AitiencaTi 19^0-^41 .Enleried as .second cla.ss matter at the post ojpiice in Laf^yetite, Indiana, under the act of Coiigre.ss of Mai'cli 3, 1879, and at the .special rate of postage provided for in .section, 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Moiiday-during the regular acaileinic year and weekly during the Summer Ses.sion. . Deli'ver edi locally-by/earrier for $3,50 per year, mail subKcriptions, $4.00. 1
.lMii«r-in-C'hii*r N«*»» ISdilvr KoorU liditut-
..N«d '.A. ‘Ochiltree .-UuisinCtis fllanagrcr.. Juliii L. TruuKutt . iMait^ijLhiK. Edilnr Phil Johittiuii Coed Editor
;;.pon‘S.'Powers .inland IV. UuKner Kuth Pose
*. 'Publication Staff Aeihorintt* iiflilorH Staff: J. F'. Amos. J, H. Armstrong, D. T. Rrophy, ■ il. L. Jlmiliy/ 1’’. I. iJlorU)’^, K. C. Ki^ppr. , Simr4i» Staff: O. T. Claik, J. IX. l-pancr, J. S. Kceltr. Htaff: Alaiy K. Hoyotoii, Alice CUuifieUtr June .llumsdcU.
'^Business Staff . ^ • CoeJ Busin€88 Maiiaser: Dpiinu SieBB ; Office Mandf: Lee Bonsonjf. Local Advertibinir Manatreru: K. K. Gjemre. R. K. Saxton: Circaiation Manager: W. T. Roll: Accountb Manager: W. P. Millard. Junior^ Coed 'Managerb: Jean • Frankenbcrry, Francos Lloyd, Julia Marlin.
'■FhpiiM: Editorial and*Business, 4005;.S.oort;,.2792 Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Ropre-jenteil for nutional advertisint; by National Advertising Service, Jne., College PuhlisKcrs Uenresentutives, 4Z0 Madison Avc., New York, N.'Y.
Staff For Thisj Uswe .Syortii Editor; Eraser Ifeportcrs: S, lical, C. Wattfeworth, J. Nordocn, E. Ahrens, ' P,'E.-fiJuss, C. I-ioss, J.' l.uuei-, A. Wickui-d, P. Stcnhei-K, Issue. Editor: Itoquauiore W. ^G. Hoskins, W. K. ttafert, J. P. Hinilh. .tiiiorts: Eliryer, PeMars.
' ifIlHii liilifiur i Jilejierttiai*;i$0U«rrJtiaMiMleJI
ij-; ■
r. "
'.'i. I^Mnmday, -Miwember 26, ,3t941,
Mxponmt
P«0!,S
M^iipse itfllikis^eeck kksStulentXaU Obidh CIaC!(fe e^k has issued a cifciKiti ^•ajl ^ ii^Wi'fested ‘■m fre^hman^or varsity wrestling Last yjSW's Sifluftd showed great injprovem^fc ^yerj previous Rivetei teams, finishing fifth »n the conference TipSfyipat- th^y will be gunnirig for therChatatptbpship which the Minnesota grapplers captured in 1941.
Wanted
Reeek placed paiticular emphasis on the ineed'foyi'building a strong fi^h^an’gqlia^ to replace the sen101' veterans He Sard that a man’s high school wiestlipg expeiience was Jpilnaitei lal, pointing out that the majoiity of letter winners of leegnt years have had* no previous
coippetitive experience
The gr^ppler’s schedule for the appioachmg season has not yet heen-tlrawn up,’however the list of opponents will be announced imme diately following tthe conference meetings m Chicago next month '!l('iie schedule makers will endeavor to include all iconfevence; opponents
ij; possibly. I '
Veteran
(Japtain foi the 1941-42 season and once again the-squad’s outstanding peifoimer will be Casey Fredericks of Ilgmmoncl. Last year Casey won the Westein-Conference and National AAU 1^1 pound championsliips, and continued undefeated thioughout the regular season I Three other returning lettei men holstei the s^uad for the coming campaign They gie Bob Butt in the 145 pound'claS4* Joe fPlinka, a 166 poundei, and-Frank Ruggieri, who returns from the football team to lepeat his bulliant perfoirtiances ot last yeai in the iieavyweight divi
Talent Today
Charles C. Peterson, veteran of cofintlggs battles of the greeri felt of the billiard table, will appear m the Unibn today tor a long seiies of instructional demonstrations and trick shot exhibitions During his years as a top flight billiard competitoi, Peterson has won many of the nation’s biggest billiard titles
Sion *
Several promising sophomoi ts will finnipli^iif^tiiff competition foi
juniors and seniors befoie the season has ended Mickey McDonald, a 121 poundei, is the outstanding perfoimei among the second year men Small but mighty Mickey hails fiom Oklahoma which has tinned out some ol the nation’s top giappleis
IM Schedules
SQUASH—TODAY C< 111 ts 1 2 ind 3 ■" 00 Pha K'lppa Inn vs Pi Kappi 1 hi 4') DcItR Upsilon vb Phi K ipp i I si 8 JO Alph i 1 Omcf i vs Si^m i Aljhi ] 1 silon TOUCHBAI f.—TODAY I icld 11 N(lin<l Meyer Phi Delta Iheli vs Phi K ippa Psi oi Ah hi Chi Rh
i ’ ? ^ Your Style Rij^ht Sliiiis — mMlOW SHIRTS
i, i f «^
^ at
416 ; MAIN
i (
fplENTER'S
416 MAIN
Newsi for Night Oivls ff foimal W6ai is your Nemesis, see tlie goodlooking Ai low du ss him Is. They’ll liolli (omioiLillie and vvell-hchav*<1
The Arrow Lido, for wJute tie and tails, has a smooth nanow bosom, held securely in place hy suspender loops. $3. —^
W
The Airow Shoieliam, for black tie and lux, has a semi-soft pleated bosom with tinned-down allai hod tollai. Also $.3
Auow Diess Ties, $l Il.mdkeu hiels, 23e ’ Collars, 3.3e
Auofvmmrs
Get Your
ARROW SHIRTS
at
Inc. WEST LAFAYISn E
Fraternity Bowling
Phi K ip)) i I
loday
Alpht Epsilon vs
i ui Lpsilon I hi Vo Ae i
8 45 ,
ThtU Chi vs Phi Delta IhcU 1 amhfl i Chi Alphi vs Dcti Sip,u i Psi
riiursdav Nov 27
( 30
Pi Kappa Phi vs I hi Smm i K ippa Beta iheli Pi \b Ih ti Xi I hi Knppa bit,mT vs Alph x Cnnimi Rhn I Pi K i]>pa 1 i Vb Su m i Pi Alphi iau Omep'a vs Iv K ipp i Alphi
H (
liMnj..le VS 1 hi Kappi I lu K ipp i Li sil n VS Pin Camm i D 111 bu,mi Nu vs UeJt i 1 lu Dc It i Air ha Chi HI f \s Kti pa Dclti Rho Dtlli Ur silt i Vb Ah 1 i}.,m i ill
A BUAt kT1
Ah li i Itu Omc^ i 1 i K i))i a Alph i Ihli Iheti Pi I hi biKni i K ippa I nnibd i Chi A]} h i Phi Delta lluti Pin K ipp i bir,m i Ihcti Clii II tu Xi lie 11 Sij. m i Psi Sikm i Pi Phi Kappi lau AIp^ 1 Gimmi Rh Pi K in i i hi B BRACKIl Dc Ut 111 Delt i Si^,mi Nu Dt lia Upsilc n 1 ui K Ipp i Lpsil HI Alpha Si}.,ma P bi^ma Alphi Fi sil n Alphi Chi Rh Phi Kapp 1 Psi
Ac leir
K i{ I I D It Rh PI C mmi Dell III K ipi i 1 III 1 psil n 1 In 111 inj.,le SIXTH WEEK SIAIISTICS Individual Stores Si}.,ni Pi Hint/ D 11 I Upsihu Bi i IIilIi Indmdual Senes Be (i Sikma i si Hi id ic
Dell 1
Hirrli learn Game Sik,rn i t I Delti I lu Delli J i,.Ii Tc iiu Sti es s r m N 1) l( 1 It
\V rikl t
)(j0 90-
fetefsw SItows Siftiard ^ 'Bj Boh Denials • , 1 fi- j ' it The South iBallfooW: of the Memorial Union will be the scone ot pi’Obably the mo^t bfilhant cjfhibition of bilhai'tls ever witnessed on this campus when Charles C PetOrson, world’s fancy shot fb lliaids champion, displays his cue wizardy to students ,and general public alike at 7:30 this evening immediately following his performance, Mr Peterson Will go on the a I’antb with a fifteen minute bioadcast stalling at 8 13, at which time he will be inmivicwed by Sldw Wolf! Billiard Mission..ry One of the mo'-t enthusiastic playeis in the game today, Mi Pctcison F kcenlj'- irteiested in waking tollege students billiard tonsciou*-, and he doQ.3 so by ‘bowing them that the game w easily Igained and easily played well if the beginner will learn a icw simple fundamentals and apply them constantly With this thought in mind, Mi Peteison will devote a gicat deal of his time toraoiiow m teaching these funearngntals to an\ Unneisity student who is willing to attend his i eee clinics which aie schdulcd foi 10 and 11 oJclock in the moimng, and again in the afternoon at 2, 3 and 4 o’clock The clinics aio to be held in the poolioom located in the basement of the Union Ml Peteison is stopping off here on his eleventh annual tour of Amoncan colleges, a piogram which is being sponsoied jointly by th^ Association of College Unions'and the Billiaid Association of Ameiiea It took him seveial yegis to build Up the college mteiest m billiaids, peisisting as he did m the faoe of tiying expeiiences, but he was i awarded when, several ycais ago, colleges instituted inteicollegiate play in pocket, stiaight lail and thiee-cushion play Last year, for the fiist time, sec tional wmneis ol the odllege titles weie biought togethei at the Univeisity of Wisconsin Loi a national playoff He visited more than 200 schools, boys’ dubs, aimy and naval posts and ci\ic centeis last yeai, and he expects to peifoim bcfoic 250 groups on his cuiient toui, which will keep him on the load well into the spiing ol 1942
'I able Tricks
Peteison i‘ known thioughout the woild foi the deftness and uncanny touch that has made him the Champion of his class He has appioximately 550 shots m his repeitoiie, ail of which aie difficult to conceive even attei one has seen them actually demonstrated Long a favorite of Peterson’s IS his famous “Dollar” shot He stands a silver dollar on end, between two piece of billiaid chalk and then pioceeds to stioke the dollai to the tai lail, fiom whence it letuins to come right back between the two pieces of chalk Pei haps the most astonishing of his feats is the 1 un of 20,000 bilhaids he once accomplished in one hour, forty-one mm
utes and eight seconds—without a miss'
Ills exhibition includes a demon ' —■ ■
stiation ot billiaid fundamgntals, a vaiiety of tuck shots, and a discussion of bilhaids as played by Willie IIoppc and othei champions m the spoi t Aftci he has amazed the ciowd with his bag of tucks he will demonstiate the favoute shots of Hoppe, cm lent thiee cushion chain pion, Welkei Cochian, Jake Schaef ei, Ji , Allen Hall, Ait Rubin and
lyany others Moiale Boostei
In addition to his fme woilc m the Amoijcan colleges, Mi Peteison spends a gicat many hours m aimy camps and navy posts, where his campaigning has stiiied up consid Cl able intciest among the service men of oiu countiy He claims that piactically all the camps have bil hard tables and that they aic just about the busiest instruments in the loeieation halls He also believes that it he can uncover a few fellows m training who have a natural ap titudo loi the game of bilhaids it IS not unlikely these men will become stai player s
OPEN ALL NIGHT
Tasty Sandwiches, Meals, Short Snacks and All. At FRANK’S PLACE 111 NorHiwestei'n Ave
Looking for an ARROW? L.ifayiTlo’s Offioial Doalor Arrow Skirls ISlilltSKlY’S
Sports Sophomores All sophomores working on the sports stair are asked to attend an important meeting tonight at 7 in
the Union office
Frosh To Box In MT Final Bouts Tonitiht Pinal bouts of the Fi’oshman Mihtaiy boxing tournament will be held m the Pieldhouse tonight Tonight’s fights will climax three weeks of elimination bouts The fights will be held m the mam ling with Joe Benna, Univeisity boxing coach, officiating The Fieldhouse will be open at 6 46 p m and the fiist fight begins at 7 p m There will be no admission ehaige and the public as well as the student body
IS invited to attend
The finalists aie as follows 115 pound class J M Pearson, D W Hughes and A W Wheelei,jl25 pound class, J B Benzcnbowci knd R P Fishei, 135 pound class, F S Alexander, J C Loshbapgh and W A Koinei, 145 pound class, 0 W Moiiison, C Kraseinko and A W Peters, 160 pound class, P P Bakei J R Ti eamoi and J G Veai, 175 pound class, R E Culvei, C D Coll and R S Allen, and Heavyweight class, W C Blanks, C W Close and H G Wiedman Gold medals are to be awarded to winncis m each class and silveb medals to lunnei ups jds
f 4 -f 4- -f -f-M-f 4-4 44-4-4-4-4-4-I Everything for a College Educatiofi DEAC’S
You’ll Welcome ice-cold Coca-Cola jusf as often and as surely as thirst comes. You taste its quality, the quality of genuine goodness. Ice-cold Coca-Cola gives you the taste that charms and never cloys. You get the feel of complete refreshment, buoyant refreshment. Thirst asks nothing more.
BOirirD UNDER AUTHORITY OE THE COCA COLA COMPANY BY COCA COU BOTTLING CO — 6th and Salem —- phjone S4937 Yoi^ trUSt itS quality » |
ijy 4 » jf 'i.f
/
dmmB
>A YeartFof TfieTUffderclasftmefi It was a year Tor the underclassraejn-this past Big Ten footliail. season. Pew, if any, of the headlined seniprs on any of the nine teams patne UP to expectations, while sophomoi e talent has been the strongest in a great raafty years, and several juBiojs have crowded thejr highpr ,and Jawpr classmates foi the limelight ^ If you think we’ie kidding about the seniors in the circuit falling below pai, just look them over DeCorrevont-had a hard timacrow^mg,OHt Otto Giaham at Noithwestern In fact, he didn’t* crowd ^.hnn/out^JGehagan’s Bob Westfall, although h® ho@nn going gieat guns late in the season, ceitamly was not as good as la«t yeai ► Y«s—^fven Af'Mmitesota Ol take Biuce Smith of Minnesota who didn’t come up to predictions, although there is no doubt that injuries wei e the only limiting factors On the other hand, look at the spphomore contingent Pat Harder, BRl Hillenbrand, Tom Kuzma, Otto Graham, Lee Seehnger, Bob Johnson, Fiitz Howard, and a great many others Example—just Look Around The Boilei maker stionghold is no exception Whethei due-to injuries or tiTbetter playing ability, several sophomores weie called on to carry on a good part of the attack Bob Johnson played ^toady hall, French is as good as the best at tackle, Bob Hajayk played sever?Vtmuutes, Ken Smock and Bob Chestei were starters, and Francis ’MeAkW and John Andietich continued the extenuation of a career launched they weie teammates m high school ► "Even^Tiic Sf'atisf'ics'Bear It Out Final Western Conference statistics add more proof to the sophomore supremacy Pat Harder was the highest scoiei in the league-v^ith 58 points in six games His ground gainingjtotal was also high.jWith a game average of 98 3 yards per gaipe by i ushmg, eclipsing the average pf Bob Westfall by just 3 of a yard Daley was a close third, with, a jLfijS average None of these totals come close to Tom Barmen's 1946 total of 159 yards pei game Wisconsin hoys seem to have the statistical edge on the restipf th® Conference, as their halfback Lee Seeknger connected on 26 of 48.aerials for a peicentage of 642 and an average gam of 70 yards per ggme for passing honors Three othei sophomoi es, Graham, Kuzma, and Hillenbiand, weie next in ordei ►-Everybody-s Doing 4 f We now piesent the Gestapo’s 1941 All-Conference eleven - In it we feature an all-sophomDre backfield We’d like to have money on them against a Smith, DeCoirevant, Westfall, Graf all-seniot team and the
same line
Gestapo Afl-Gonference Team Dave Schreiner, End, Wisconsin Alf Bauman, Tackle, Noithwestern ' Helge Pukema, Guard, Minnesota Bob Johnson, Center, Puidue Tom Melton, Guard, Pmdue Jim Darnell, Tackle, Ohio State - Bob Motl, End, Noithwestein Pat Haider, Back, Wisconsin Bill Hillenbiand, Back, Indiana Otto Graham, Back, Noithwestein ' Tom Kuzma, Back, Michigan
JUST ASK ANYOm:
EVERYONE KNOWS i a i.' t- \ ^ t ? That :the Union Club Is ihe Best Place to Stay People who insist upon the best accommodertions, like to stay dn ^ the "UrtioH Club. You. too will appreeiate'4h4 pei*fect service, the privote berth ond^hotie. the attractive furnishings, cmd the convenient location. Reserve a room in the Union Cliib—it^s the smart place to stay. JM. » J w J pjutkdusL TttsmufdjcfL TAmofL 4 ’ / i / ' '’’'s'' ^ ' J i I The Corner of the Campus — Yetdhe Center of Aetirfitles ^I'fel-v-
A '
-’rMS-'
Hef Girls! Harvest Hop Is Coming; Reap four Dates Early Before The Big Rush
; JBy Carol Wattleworth : Goe^o! i)o you have your datfes for thd Harvest Hop ? It’s coming Friday, Nov. 28, in the north ballroom of the Union, from 9 until 12. This dance is not strictly a coed bid 4anee, for if your best gal doesn’t 4Sk you eds, you can ask another girl. Tickets for the dance are on ^le at the west desk of the Union, the Women’s Gym, sororities, bookstores, other organized houses or
from WAA council members for $1.10. To add to the joey atmosphere of sweaters, skirts, and saddle shoes, the dancers will be giveh streamers and confetti. The couples attending will dance to the sophisticated swing of Bobby Moore. A surprise will be announced at the dance. Miss Bell, who is on the staff of the women’s physical education department, is in charge of the dance. \
Gold Peppers Conduct Senior Coed Survey Asking such questions as, “Do you expect to get a job after graduation?” the Gold Peppers are interviewing senior coeds every afternoon this week from 4 until 5:30 p. m. in the AWS office. The object of this survey is to see if senior women are interested in a conference which the Gold Peppers and the Placement Service for Women plan to sponsor next spring. The conference will be concerned with topics relevant to obtaining and holding a business or professional position, p.s. South America (Continued from page i) America is very poorly defended. Herring pointed out that it has been only recently that the United States has shown the proper attitude by its "Good-neighbor” policy with regard to South America. He considered the policy vital as well as progressive to United StatesSouth American relations. The Germans, he stated, have definitely influenced the thoughts of the Latin Americans. No Military ,Use Answering questions after his discussion. Dr. Herring expressed his belief that Germany Vill use no militaristic violence in “conquering” South America. Germany will probably set up puppet governments. Hence, there is a probability that no United States troops will ever need fight in South America, s.w. Senate Sophomores > There will be an important meeting of all sophomore Senate workers tomorrow afternoon at 4 in the Senate office. All other sophomore inen and women who have not signed up previously, but who are interested in working on the Senate are urged to attend. —Stecker.
Bill Oetzel Will Play For WRH Christmas Formal December 5 Bill Oetzel and his band from Ih linois will play at the WRH Christmas formal on Friday, Dec. 5. Dancing will be in the recreation rooms of North and South Halls, while Wood Hall will serve as the lounge. Played For Mixer Oetzel was here in October for one of the regular Union mixers' Besides bis songstress, Shirley Luster, the band features the “Pretzels,” an instrumental group which plays “Dixieland swing at its best.” Christmas Decorations Decorations will be in accord with the Christmas spirit, with Christmas trees in the living rooms and a backdrop resembling a Christmas package tied with red ribbon. Pete Funk of North Hall is chairman of the decorations committee. Isabelle McCauley, social chairman of the Halls, is in charge of the dance, which is a closed affair with no bids available, s.b. Tobe-Coburn School To Give Fellowships Senior women interested in the five Fashion Fellowships to be awarded by the Tobe-Coburn School for Fashion Careers in New York, ■ must mail their registration blank and an informal autobiography to the school before Friday, Dec. 5. Each Fellowship covers the $700. tuition in the school for the year
1942-1943.
In addition to the informal autobiography, entrants must write two more papers, a set of test questions and a fashion research project in a given period of time. “A Letter to Seniors,” containing complete information, with registration blank, may be obtained in the office of Miss Willoughby, in the Horne Economies Building, e.h.a. Subscribe To Your Campus Daily.
Concert Choir To Begin Tour in Bedford Tonight
■ . ■
Leaving on their first tour of the Season today, the University Concert Choir will journey to Bedford, Seymour and Louisville, Ky. Tonight they will sing at the Bedford High School under the auspices of the Bedford Kiwanis Club. At 11 a. m. toinorroW they will sing at the Seymour High School and after that they will be entertained at luncheon by J. Ralph Thompson, of Seymour, a member of the Purdue board of trustees. Tomorrow night they will perform at Louisville under the sponsorship of the Men’s Club of St. Andrew’s Episcopal Church. Director Albert P. Stewart has arranged for several special features which include a group of solos. The specialties will include a piano solo by Angela Castellani, violin numbers by Vernon Westburg and acrobatic dancing by Miss Glo-' ria Specht. j.d.s. Debaters Discuss Annual Conference Today At 4 There will be a special meeting of all Forensic managers, freshman debaters, varsity debaters, Tau Kappa Alpha membei's and Student Speakers Bureau members at 4 p. m. _ today in the Forensic office, room 386 of the Union. All those desiring junior and senior jobs must attend this meeting, at which positions will be appointed for the High School Debate Conference. The conference is an annual event and will be held at the University December 5-6. It is the main activity of the Forensic Board, a.l.w.
Ivler, Boger RecBiite Ceres Contest Prizes Scoring 594 out of a possible 600 points, Roger Evler placed first in the senior-junior division of judging contest sponsored by Ceres, national agriculture honorary society. Runners-up were Jim Byrnes, who received. a medal, and Othmer Buger, Ed Reddich, and Herschel Kilgore, winners of cash prizes. In the freshman-sophomore division, Lawrence Boger captured high honors, winning a cup and a medal. Fred Mason was second, and M. A. Mohler, Carl Rorenberg, R. R. McKee, and Paul F. Begeman received
runners-up prizes.
Prize money of $25 was donated by the Quaker Oats Company. The Indiana Coin Growers’ Association awarded the underclassmen’s cup. Dr.D.M.Doty ... acting head of the department of agricultural chemistry, went to Springfield,.Ill., yesterday to confer with Illinois state seed inspection officials, and to inspect equipment in the Illinois state seed laboratory.
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes Bold, rented, repaired, and purchaaed. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 605 Main, Lafayette. Phone 2779. Two Modern Sleeping Rooms. Prefer graduate students or instructors. Phone 31291, mornings., '' Lost: L. L.. D. D. Slide Rule. Name of James W. Orton on case. $5 reward. C.all Orton at 3301. Lost: Log-log trig slide rule. Reward. Phone 6757. Lost: Longincs watch in men’s wash room of Union. Reward. Call Griswold, 5085. Lost: K. & E. slide rule in case. Name on rule and case. Reward. Call Norman Comus. 31793..
Notices
Novice Pistol: Any student desirinc to fire the Fifth Novice Pistol Group starting November 26 should sign up as soon as
possible in the Supply Room.
—BROWN
Pi Tau Sigma: New initiates can obtain keys from me at Triangle Fraternity. Keys are on my desk. Please check initials.
—SHANE.
ASME Members: There will be,two inspection trips next week to plants in town. The first trip will be to the Fairfield Manufacturing Company on Tuesday,., Nov. 25, at 4 p. m. The second trip will he to the Schwab Safe .Co. on Nov. 26 at 2 p. m. Those interested should sign notices in front of the ME office.
—TOPINKA
Sophomorb Mechanical Engineers: Bring a slide rule to the ME flO lecture next week, Thursday, Nov. 27. —OLAKK CE 22 Students s ihe examination to remove C or I grades in CB 22 will be given from 1-4 p. m, Saturday, Nov. 29, in; Room 801 of the Civil Bldgi Those Interested please see me at once. —SONESONj^ ASME: Debris picture wHl be taken Thursday, Dec. 4, at 7130 p. m. in thb Union ballrbom instead of Thursday, Nov.. 27.
-UTLEY
Gimlet Actives and Pledges: Important meeting Thursdify evening, Nov. ’ 27, Ut 6 p. m. at the SPE house. Dinner, Indiana game pictures Via Sammy Vbinoff, followed
by interesting «"i««tion.
Alpha Zeta Pledges: Report to Hays or McCarty the number of banquet tickets sold before Wednesday noon, November 26.
—HAYS
Alpha Zeta Actives: Please be present at formal initiation, Wednesday, November 26. Assemble in room 308 of the Union at 7 :15 p.m. —SWAIM Alpha Zeta Pledges: Pledge tests will be held Wednesday, Nov, 26, at 4 p, m. in Agriculture Hall. If time is unsuitable notify Hays. Formal initiation also on 26th. Pledges meet in Agriculturist office at 7 :30 p. m. Bring an extra handkerchief and full boxes; wear pledge dress. ^
—SWAIM
Purdue Religious Council; Meeting in' council office, room 58 of the Union, Wed-
nesday, Nov. 26, at 7:30
Eta Kappa Nu: Actives and pledges rough initiation will be held in the EE Building Tuesday, Nov. 26, at 6:30 p. m. Formal initiation will be held Thursday, Nov. 27, at 4 :30 p. m. followed by a banquet at 6:15 p. m. —SOUTHMAYD PI A: Skating Party will be held Saturday, Nov. 29. PIA members sign up in the PIA office before 6 p. m. Thursday. 10c registration fee. Bus will leave the 'Union at 10 p. m. Saturday. —.BAIN • GE 35: Removal of Condition Examination, Dec. 6. Make arrangements for taking the examination in room 202 before Friday, Dec. 6. „
—OWEN
DeMolays: Smoker and general get-to-gether for active and majority member DeMolays at the Acacia fraternity on Friday evening, Nov, 28, at 7 p. m. All DeMolays on the campus are invited to attend. —SNYDER WAA Fencing: Practice Tuesday and Friday, Nov. 25 and 28, at 4 p. m, in the woman's gym. —EMHOFF GE 109: Will meet on Thursday, Nov. 27,
at 4 p. m. —VAURIO
Kappa Psi: Special meeting of all active members in room 303 of the Union on Thursday, Nov. 27, at 7:30 p. m. , —SCOTT Gold Peppers: Dinner meeting Thursday. Nov. 27, at 5:15 p. m. at the Kappa Alpha Theta house. Call June Close if you cannot come. —SCARFF
Sophomore Senate Workerit 'ijherd’'irlH i he an important' miettihg'i'ofs'dll iWpndmdtti " Student Senate workers; fri th'6' SdhittVf bItiBe: at 4 p. m. on Thursday* Nby. 2!?. ;
/■
Exponent Gbed Busihtssj 'Siaiti''Mlctlbir ill Exponent office Wednesday, NbV*;.’26,.:at
4 p. m. Please be there.
“SIESS ;
day
^ World Fellowsiitp Banquet: Purdue Christian Foundation will entertain the CosmopoUtah Club Saturday,. Nov. S0» at 6:16 p. m.' at the Christian Church. Get tickets from Jim Billingsley or Byron Rigg. ■ ■■ . . —HIGG ,, Union Sophomore Workers:. Important meeting of all sophomore workers in, room 866 of the Union Thyirsday, Nov, 27, at 4 :16 p. m. Distafibution of, tickets for 'Union Formal; Please be present.
—HUDSON
Inter-fraternity Presidents Council: Dinner meeting Thursday, Nov. 27, at fl p. m; at the Delta Upsilbn house. \
—MAYFIELD I
Flying Cluli : Short mcetihg for ail members Wednesday, Nov. 26, in room 807 of
the Union at 7 :80 p. m.
—HABMICHT .
Pistol Team Tryouts:,The following,listed students are asked to report to the Armory Doc. 1, at 4:00 p. m. for pistol team try^ outs: Bower, Bredlow, Broqks, Biirroff, Carter, David, Fischer, Glaspie, Holman. Larison, Lindsay, Morehouse, Madden, Nicholas,
Taylor, VanCamp.
—brown
Union Sophomore Workers: The following members of the Browsing Room committee please meet in the Faculty Lounge Wednesday, Nov. 26, at 4:16 p. m.: Hoo.se, Platou, Hiller, Taylor, Kaplan, French, Mc-
Quister, Stoelting, West,
—HUDSON
Roger William Club: Annual picture of Outing Club: Trip to'iKtcAapoo Falls Sat--the entire club and of the cabinet will be urday, Nov, 29* Meet In .front'of the Armoi^ taken ^Sunday, Nov. 30, in front of the at 1 p. mi. Make reservations with Gale West Lafayette Baptist'Church, immediately Hennis 2907 or Opal Blagrave, 6766 before after the morning church service. Plan to Friday noon. , he there. —ARTMAN —-DUERGLEU '
AWS Executive Board; , Meeting.'Weddei-; ly at 7 :80 p. m. in the AWS 'iwffice.
—McCullough
Rifle Club: Special mooting, ' Thursdny night. Room 104 of the FieldHpUstf af 7 :16. Everybody out. ; ^PHILLIPS , , AlME Memhefs: MeeliPk T*ieb^ny, Ijec.
2, at 7 :30 p. m. in room
WAA Members: Harvest Hop tickeild ipiiist be handed in Friday, Nov. 28,'at 4 fOO p.Min. at WAA office in Women’s Gym/, yn
—SCHUBER ,
YWCA Cabinet Mimberif; Meeting will be held at 8 p. m. in the office on Thursda’y, ,Nov. 27. . —NEWTONBeauty Contest Finalists; Meeting In Muslit Hall Wednesday, Nov. 26, at 7:00 pi'm. ■ -,;;::r^niWlN,;...' Debris Workers: Meeting 'Ot dll ticket salesmen for the Debris beauty, contest in Debris business office .Wednesday, Novr 26, at 4 p. m. i ^—ADAMS .
LEARN THE LATE BALLROOM DANCES ARMY AND NAVY FOX-TROT MOONLIGHT WALTZ RHUMBA ARRANGED BY P. M. ALLEN ENROLL WED., NOV. 26, 7:00 P. M.
ALLEN’S
(ilh & Ferry
COMPLETE VISUAL SERVICE
DR. A. ENZ, JR. OPTOMETRIST 607 Main St.
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
You Are After Quality— Whether you are buying food —r- a new pair of slioes, or Dry Cleaning Service . . . you are looking for Quality. Crown puts you on the right track in Dry Cleaning — makes you look smarter in your clothes. HAVE CLOTHES CROWN CLEANED REGULARLY Crown Laundry riNE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
lOc PAUL'S
PLACE 10c
BEEF STEAK —
BEEF BARB-Q
HOME MADE CHILI
PORK TENDERLOIN
FURNAS ICE CREAM
Phone 2645
We Deliver
A Word
to the
Students from “Doc” Anderson
li)iLhs,A{yvuij^,buL— THERE’LL BE NO MORE STROLLIN HAND IN HAND uhJma, ifojuL UhsL pwAibiUavL JtemdA. FROM NOW ON, THE THOUGHTFUL FELLOW WILL TAKE HIS DATES IN A WARM, COMFORTABLE YELLOW GAB PHONES 5023 — 3071
Win or lose, the old Purdue spirit will live on.' The Bucket did go to Indiana this year, but we can always look forward to something better in results with next year’s football team. We had all that eveiy other team in the Big Nine could offer, but under circumstances and bad breaks the fighting eleven looked bad — HOWEVER, they were not! Ohio had it’s worst scare of the season when they luckily skimmed out of the mud with a bare 16 to 14 victory. Compare our scores with those of the other teams. Ohio State tied Michigan last week, didn’t they} You can see where that put us. No other university in the conference can boast of the boys as we can those of Purdue’s squad. You who personally know any members of the team can vouch that no "big-headness” is to be seen in any of them. Every fellow is an outstanding indi.vidual with a strong and undying character. Swell fellows: "Big John,” "Tommie,” "Big Jim,” "Italo,” "Tipp,” "Combs,” "Kersey,” "Frosty,” and all of the men who are taking their places— a bunch of the finest boys to be found on any campus. Those graduating can look back and see future teams carrying on just as good as they — possibly with worse results — maybe with better, but they will fight on just as hard as did their team in 1941. ' Now we turn to a new season in basketball.. Watch the Big Ten shake and rumble when Purdue five gets rolling. Good luck to the Basketball team in the oncoming Big Ten season. , , Sincerely, ' ' - v r < "Doc’Anderson,’06. >
This Week’s Special! KAMPUS KITCHEN 8 p. m. to 11 p. m. ONLY Cinnamon Toast Pot of Tea or Cfoffee Chocolate Sundae All for— This Special Ends Saturday Night
MEAN A HAPPY XMAS FOR THE WHOIE.FAMIIY! Beautifully illusfrafed piefure-story books for the very young ... whole some stories for boys and girls . 7 outstanding best-sellers for adults
EACH j HANDSOME EDIIIONS AT AMAZINGLY LOW PRICES! Complete and Unabridged
PICTURE-STORY BOOKS A PICTURE DICTIONARY FOR CHILDREN ....Cnrnvtie Watters nnd S. A, Courtis I he jierfecl {lift ftp rliildreii Icaruiiif' lo read! Heroiituieitdcd liy leuclierB and purc^iits cveryu here! I he lise tif piiiures of lainiliur ohjectH provideH the child’s own method of definiui' ivords, 'leuflies reudiiii', writing, spelling, the ulphubet, {>hTUsihg» syllabicutioii anil the projier use of wortls. Develops liuhils ol (’oiieeiilrulion, fesourcefuliieHS, persistence, itigeniiHy and accuracy, ('oiiiaiiis '1332 .wortjs and J200 pictures. 480 pages sturdily houud iu illustrated littartls willi clulli luick. ' THREE PRAYERS... Pelagic Doane A prayer book that ready ihterprela fiir tiie child llie meaning uiid Bpirit of the universally known prayer.'! 7/m /.orit'x Prayer, Now I Lay Me Down and Heavenly Father. Each page of text i.s lu%ishly tiecoruletl in full color and gtihl and filers un inspiring full*cu]or» ful)>[)age ilhisli-ation. {Size x l2'/i.) ;■ ■ Sir James Barrie 2() inn Uill-color pictures and many black iiml wldte drawings eniuince the churin of the text.' barge type |Si/e O'*,'; x '
DOGS ROUGH AND SMOOTH. Infoniiul portraits of real dogs in < by the author. (Portraits can he r DOGS AS I SEE THEM
A lovely companion
ed for framing. Si
Lucy Dawson sketclie.s oiih dcliglitrul iiommenls y^i .X H%.)
Inme lo DOCS UOUCII AND SMOOTH.
H(RAM AND OTHER CATS... c/nJy. Em„r>on Coah Informal poilrait.s ol real cats in tiolor and inuny udion sketches. (PurlruMs cum he removed
for framing. SiZL! JiVlj x 11.)
Giff Editions for Boys and Girls
Bamlii'.s Children Black Beauty... . Heidi Heidi (irows Up Heidi’s ChihlrcLi.: ■M,:, IhMllime Stori
.......Felix Saltcn Trea.snrn Island HoOert Louis SteVenson 4nfi« 'I’he N'irginia. Otven Wlst^r ..Johanna Spyri While Fang Jack London (.harU's Tritten Penrod ^ Booth Tarldngtun (.hiulf.H Triiiaii The Seertd Ourdeii Frances D. Burnett Mary Bonner Beautiful Joe ... Mnrshall Snundeis
Giffs for Adulfs
The Pliilo.sophy of Life ‘Indvrson Balen SfH'vial at $1.49 The Patriot .Ptutrl S. Buvli Stars on the Sea F. Van Wych Mason Mugniliccnl Oli.'.essioii Lloyd C. Dnufilas Oreeii Idght Lloyd C. Itotif'las I'tirgivc l)s Our ’PrespaHses ./,/oyd C. Douala.s i)isputi d Passage Lloyd Doui’las
An Americiin D(icloi'*s Odyssey Victor Ueiscr, M.D. Dtido Cay (Buhtimu Passage) Nelson Hoyea I Wanted Wings Beirno Lay, Jr. Night in Boinhuy Louis Brumfield No Arms, No Armour Bohert Deurinues Erie .^lanhfy Curdner’s Big Mystery Book
DECKER’S
518 MAIN STREET
PHONE 5036