^ ^ ix-? *. vj;? i ^.v v^ - / ^ ^ y/, /’"■I'’^"^
This Newspaper k Published Each Morning But Monday By Students Of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
WEDNESDAY September 2L 1938 Lofayetfe, bu&ma
Vol. 50
No. 7
Skull And Crescent Gives Freshman Mixer Friday Friday night at 9 o’clock Bud Bryant and his campus orchestra vSS. swing out in the Union ballroom, providing the rhythm for tne annual freshman mixer. Sponsored by Skull and Crescent, sophomore activity honorary, the dance is free to all freshmen eds and all co-eds regardless of class.
The purpose of the mixer is, as, Counlselors To Meet In Coulter Hall for Frosh Assignments
Two hundred student counselors will meet tomorrow at 4 p. m. in Stanley Coulter Hall and will be assigned freshman engineering and science students at this tifne. This is the first meeting for this semester of the counselors, who are highranking upperclassmen, chosen last spring for the purpose of aiding the freshmen in orientating themselves. The student counselors had several meetings last semester at which time they were given lectures on instructional and teaching methods. All freshhian engineers and science students will be assigned to a counselor. 750 Stale Farmers Attend Annual Corn And Soybean Field Day Held Yesterday About 750 Indiana farmers considered new corn and soybean varieties, wheat fertftization, and the relatively poor showing foreign red clovers made against adapted native strains, at the annual Com and Soybean Field Day held yesterday at the University Soils and Crops Farm. At the noon program Principal Speaker Prof. J. C. Hackleman, Illinois agronomist and native Hoosier, urged seed producers to keep up with farmers’ demands for high quality seed of the new higher yielding crops. University agronomists conducted small groups of farmers over the experimental farm and explained the many tests in progress. They included: Prof. A. T. Wiancko, department head. Dr. G. Scarseth, M. O. Pence, G. Enfield, S. R. Miles, K. E. Beeson, and R. R. Mulvey. Wesley Foundation Will Picnic in Happy Holiow Wesley Foundation - will hold a picnic supper in Happy Hollow on Friday, September 23. The group will hike out to the grounds, starting from 435 State street at 5 p.m. After supper, group singing around the campfire will be led by Lois?^cGauhey. Supper will be served for 15c a person or 25c per couple All students are invited and those desiring to go should sign up at the Foundation House by Thursday, Marjory Hoover, general chairman m charge of the outing, stated last night. Scriveners Will Picnic At Lake Shafer Sunday Scrivener, honorary wi’iting club, will open the season’s program with a meeting at Jim Hoffman’s cottage on Shafer Lake Sunday afternoon, September 25. Members who plan to attend the picnic are to get in touch with Joan Wimborough at WRH North before Friday. Picnickers will meet at 1 The program at the meeting will include swimming and boating as well as the reading of manuscripts, o’clock Sunday afternoon at the home of Dorothea Justin. Transportation will be provided. Janette Morris is chairman of the committee on food. Chaperons for the picnic will be Professor Emerson G. Sutcliffe and Professor Paul Patout.
its name implies, to afford an opportunity for the freshmen to become acquainted with one another and cutting is practiced extensive-
ly.
Employing its entire membership as a policing staff. Skull and Crescent plans to let no one in without his freshman passport and to keep the stag line back off the floor. Members will be distinguished by a yellow sash worn across the chest
under the coat.
A white backdrop, carrying a green freshman pot with the numerals of the class on it and a yel-^ low Skull and Crescent pot on either side, is being furnished by the
Union.
Staff Will Speak At AlChE Smoker Today University chapter of the American Institute of Chemical Engineers will hold a smoker in the reception room of the Memorial Union at 7:30 p. m. this evening. This' will be the first meeting of the year and all members and prospective members are urged to attend, president .L. H. Jacobi stated. . Members of the Chemical Engine^mg staff will be present and wifiloe introduced to the newcomers. They will hold informal discussions on the various phases of Chemical Engineering. Refreshments of cider and doughnuts will be served at the close of the meet-
ing.
fi
Debaters To Meet For Fall Round-Up Members of Tau Kappa Alpha, campus forensic honorary, will hold their annual fall debate round-up tomorrow afternoon at the home of Mary Wien, senior co-ed debater. The co-ed, varsity, and last year’s freshman squads, as well as the debate managers and coaches will be present. Sponsored annually by Tau Kappa Alpha, the roundup will serve as a sendoff for the University debating season. The group will leave the Union Building promptly at 5 o’clock. 'The transportation will be provided. After a picnic supper and an informal meeting the group will return early in the evening, R. A. Buckles, president, announced. First Novice Pistol Group Begins Drill Yesterday the first novice pistol group fired their opening round of practice shots which will continue until the Christmas holidays. Piactice sessions will be held every Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday from 4 to 6 in the afternoon. Of the 720 men in the complete group, 120 men will fire each hour, or 240 students per afternoon. An individual’s fire for the afternoon will consist of thiee senes, a practice, a slow, and a fast record series of rounds. All men qualifying as marksmen, sharpshooters, or experts will be awarded an appropriate medal. Any others making a high score will be given a tryout for the varsity team. The cost is one dollar and will be deducted from the military deposit. However, any student may join the group by paying the fee at the time he signs up.
Pledging
Riding Club Will Open Season With Meeting In Union Purdue Riding Club, organized last fall under the direction of the Student Union, will open the season with a meeting tomorrow night in the Student Union office at 7:30 for‘ the purpose of discussing the fall program. The club, which was sponsor of the Gsntnkhana in the Fieldhouse last May, has planned a series of rides and exhibitions for the fall season as listed below: September 25—Breakfast Ride. October 6—Moonlight Ride. October 9—State Round-Up. October 16—Breakfast Ride. October 30—Hallowe’en Party. For the Round-Up, highlight of the season, sponsored by the State Saddle Horse Association at Indi--anapolis, the Purdue club will send a team down to enter the contests and exhibition events. A mixed club, the group obtains their mounts from the Purdue Saddle Club at a reduced rate for the rides, which usually last about three hours. At the meeting tomorrow night, all members and those interested in riding are invited to attend, Paul Cooper. Union vice-presi dent in charge, stated.
Late News Bulletin
SEIDENBERG, Germany—^Thousands of green-shirt soldiers of the Sudeten “Free Corps” were rushed into battle lines along the frontier early today when it was announced that Czech troops were preparing to attack with tanks and artillery.
Gimlet Elects 18 Stewart Names Students Pledges, Emrick c * * /-i • t . Elward Honorary Surviving Choir Tryouts
PARIS—Great Britain and the French government today notified Czechoslovakia thht her answer to Adolf Hitler’s ultimatum was “unsatisfactory and that Prague must deliver “unconditional acceptance” within 24 hours or bear the consequences of invasion.
Apha Chi Rho fraternity announces the pledging of G. William Frederick of Elkhart.
BERLIN—Reports early today indicated that fighting had already begun on the Czech frontier, after Sudeten troops and Czech army patrols had fought two open battles in the past few hours. German papers demand an attack upon the Czechs immediately. Arnold Will Teach Slide Rule Classes Slide rule instruction, under the direction of Assistant Professor of General Engineering J. N. Arnold, will begin this afternoon at 4 p. m. in room 101 of Michael Golden Shops. At the first class, Arnold will take up the use of the multiplication and division scales, repeating this lecture again on September 26. \ The schedule for the rest of the lectures follows: September 28 and October 3, combined multiplication and divisior|; October 5 and 10, the squares, cubes, square root and cube loot; October 12 and 17, a review and short cuts in the use of CF and DF scales; October 19 and 24, use of the trig and log scales, solution of triangles; and October 26 and 31, the raising of numbers to fractional powers. Reserved Seat Tickets To Titan OpeijerGo On Sale Reserved seat tickets for Purdue's gridiron opener with the University of Detroit in Ross-Ade Stadium Saturday afternoon have been placed on sale at Decker’s in Lafayette aijd at Deac’s in West Lafayette. This announcement was made yesterday by C. S: Doan, manager of ticket sales. Although plenty of good reserved seats are still available for the contest, early sales indicate a record opening day crowd which will be swelled by several thousand Boy Scouts. The scouts will be the guests of the athletic department for the afternoon, Boy Scout Day.
Head Football Coach Mai Elward and Purdue Bands Director “Spots” Emrick, along with 18 senior and -junior activities men, were elected as pledges to Gimlet Club, athletic boosting honorary, last night. Honorary membership was the unanimous vote for Elward and Emrick, while the 18 pledges have ahead a rigorous duties as potential members. ' The 18 men elected to pledgeship in this Club consisting of organized juniors and seniors are: D. Butterfield, H. C. Boyer, A. Bodeau, R. Dean, C. G. Elliott, B. Edwards, H. Frazee, W. Fenstermaker, T. Ippolito, A. M. Juska, J. W. Mackie, R. L. McDonald, C. S. Meier, E. Martin, M. Reeves, R. I. Schumacher, R. A. Stapleton, and J. Thompson. Formal pledging will be held on Thursday night. Foresters Club To Hold Smoker Opening the year with a smoker and moving pictures of skring football practice to;iight at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Union, the Purdue Forestry Club and Xi Sigma Pi, national forestry honoraries, have planned a full program for the coming season. A member of the coaching staff will explain the pictures. Also on the evening’s program will be an introduction of the Forestry Department faculty, talks by members who attended summer camp, an explanation of the, functions and aims of Xi Sigma Pi, and a brief resume of the club program for the coming year. The program for 1938-39 includes the annual steak fry at Cary Camp on October 4, the Foresters’ Banquet late in the first semester, the annual ball on January 13, and the field day and inter-class track meet on May 13 at Cary Camp. Two Hundred Attend Annual WAA Tea In ilew Women's Gym Two hundred freshmen and upperclass women attended the annual WAA fall tea yesterday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the new Women’s Gymnasium. WAA president Kathryn Merritt presented the faculty sponsors to the new students, and introduced Marjorie Case and Rey Fraser, who are new members of the faculty of the physical education department. A demonstration dance was given by members of the Orchesis Club under the direction of Miss Helen Knight. The heads of the sports gave short talks about their respective sports, inviting all girls interested to participate. The point system and the awards of numerals, WAA letters ancl skins were explained. Refreshments were served after the meeting. Pharmacy Grads Get Jobs H. H. Hopkins, BS Phar. ’38, of Brownsburg, has accepted a fellowship to the University of Neb-raska,-while L. M. Parks, BS Phar. ’36, of Chalmers, has been appointed instructor of pharmacy at the University of Wisconsin. Union Issues Call To Sophs All sophomores desiring to work in Union activities should meet today at 4 p. m. in the Memorial Union ballroom, according to Ted Cabonargi, Union executive. The sophomores wiU be assigned work under all of the vice-presidents of the Student Union. Freshmen should not report until next semester, said Cabonargi.
Students who survived tryouts for the University Choir, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, and whose names were inadvertently omitted from yesterday’s Exponent through a misunderstanding, are listed below in their respective groups. Because of this misunder^nding, a rehearsal, scheduled in Fowler Hall for 4 p. m., w^not held.
Sopranos Roberta Alderman, Alleen Atkins, Dorothy Backert, Esther Barlow, Ruth Bolyard, Jane Caldwell, Mary Ann Carpenter, Colieen Cook, Margaret Louise Carson, Louise Daniel, Helen Essington, Jane Fairbanks, Viola J. Fix, Eliane Fleischer, Florence Kay Fosbrink, Mollie Harding, V. Jane Horne, Kathryn I. Howell, Rachel Kaufman, LaVonne Kellar, Maxine King, Irene A. Lecklitner, Edna May Lewis, Rosalind McClanahan, Mary K. McGaughey, Myra A. McKee, Phyllis Maddin, Anna L. Mertz, Lucille E. Osborn, Also Chosen Frances M. Overstreet, Mildred Owens, Ruth Renfroe, Phyllis Shake, Meribeth Sharp, Carolyn Smith, Virginia Ann Steele, Winifred Thompson, Mary A. Topping, Barbara Tuck, Georgialle Weigel, Martha Whitehead, Marjorie Williamson, Patty Wilcott, Jeanne Woods, Janice Yeoman, Margaret Young, Ruth C. Zimmerman. Altos Lilly Allison, Martha W. Baker, Pauline Bechtold, Alice Breitwieser, Mary Alice Campbell, Thelma Jane Cox, Mary M. Crane, Marion Davee, Josephine Davis, Marjorie Droll, Ruth Dimmich, Dorothy Eberhardt. Carolyn Singer, Maryelizabeth Smith, Arsene Summers, Margaret Wade, Elinor Ward, Mary Wien, and Others Selected Lucile Pudge, Janet Gaylord, Ruth Gahsman, Margie Ging, Eloise Glazner, Carolyn Hedderick, Loretta HeiJmann, Betty Hixon, Joyce Johnson, Patricia Keiser, Joan LeBoeuf, Edith McAffe, Beth McCloud, Ruth McDoniels, Lois McGaughey, Mary Louise McGuire, Betty Martin, Martha Moorhead, Mrs. Melba T. Murphey, Dorothy Newman, Marjorie Patrick, Nancy Pickard, Jane Ramsey, Virginia Reed, Eva Robertson, Gaby Roe, Marjorie Rogers, Arlene Rothenberger, Grace Russell, Ruth Schlitter and Katherine Shearer. Rosmary Robinson. Tenor J. E. Ahrens, J. H. Amt, K. E. Burbrink, J. R. Baldwin, M. Campbell, E. Carlquist, R. H. Caskey, J. Cullen, L. H. Curtner, J. J. Davis, R. Friend, T. Fuener, R. L. Groff, D. Hanson, E .E. Hartman, G. T. Henderson, L. Hess, G. J. Kominis, G. Kruder, W. E. Laing, K. L. Landon, W. R. Moore, M. L. Munson. R. W. Netherton, T. Nygren, R. A. Powell, R. H. Richwme, C. F. Riegle, H. Schulte, H. F. Schutte, D. Shankland, M. Smith, E. B. Snyder, R. Starbuck, E. D. Verink, W. F. Wagner, H. P. Wiegandt, E. H. Wilson, J. Wolff, P. Worcester, R. T. Wunderlich. Bass R. Bancroft, C. A. Brown, P. E. Biumfield, B. T. Burns, R. L. Burns, N. H. Brubaker, J. W. Cochran, Van Coddington, F. W. Cornetet, T. E. Dann, P. Douglas, J. Due, W. E. Dunshee, R. W. Ek, M. H. Erickson, Jr.,W. Pabing, Jr. Feiris, H. D. Piandt, D. Foust, J. R. Pouts, P. N. Franz, R. L. Hamilton, R. L. Hartley, T. Heckman, T, Herrick, J. H. Hoi ton, F. H. House, W. H. Hayt, Jr., J. Hull, T. Hutchison, Jr., L. G. Hutton, L. P. Karns, A. R. Lennox, G. Lewis, E. Loveless, M. A. McConnell, K. L. Maxwell, J. P. Moore, E. Morehouse, C. Mosiman, R. W. Myers, D. Ogilvie, J. C. Osborn, C. B. Patch, J. R. Phister, C. H. Powell, D. Pyke, E. P. Reddick, F. E. Reese, A. W. Rifenburgh, H. Russell, V. W. Samms, J. S. Shepherd, E. Smith, L. W. Smith, C. P. Sopcak, J. S. Stout, W. P. Sullivan, R. P. Thornton, W. H. Woodrow, W. R. Woodward, G. E. Osborn.
THE WEATHER
i(|^orecast for Indiana: Partly cloudy and somewhat warmer in southern portion today. Pair and warmer Thursday. Temperature: High, 63; low, 61.
Dr. Mitchell Will Talk At Chemical Society Meeting Dr. H. H. Mitchell, professor of animal nutrition at the University of Illinois, will be the speaker at the the first meeting of the Purdue section of the American Chemical Society. He will talk on the subject he teaches. The meeting is scheduled for 7:30 p. m. tomorrow in room 106 of the Chemistry Building. A dinner in honor of Dr. Mitchell will be served before the meeting at 6 o’clock in the Memorial Union Building. Dr. Mitchell, a native of Illinois, has been associated with the state university since 1909, when he received an AB degree there. He received his MS and PhD degrees from Illinois in ’13 and ’15 respectively. He was appointed assistant chemist of the experiment station in 1911, and has since held positions as associate chemist, assistant professor, associate professor, and professor. Dr. Mitchell has contributed original and fundamental research on the metabolism of animo acids, the nutritive value of farm feeds, distribution of vitamins in foods, and nutritional anemia. The American Chemical Society invites all interested persons to attend the meeting and hear Dr. Mitchell, and especially urges all students of chemistry and chemical engineering to be present. Meredith Group Arranges Picnic ' New members of the Virginia C. Meredith Club will be guests of the old members at a picnic meeting tomorrow afternoon, at 4 o’clock in the Home Economics Building. Tickets costing 35 cents each may be purchased by the old members in the Home Economics Building from Miss Margaret E. Beeman or Marie Byers, social chairman, according to Martha Moorhead, club president. A short progTam following the picnic, has been planned by Katherine Cooley, program chairman. Dean Matthews will spealj:, and officers and their committees will be introduced. Browsing Room Wins Approval Of Student Body Located in the southeast corner of the Union, the Browsing Room is rapidly becoming one of the most frequented spots m the building. This cosy room which contains approximately 5,000 books is attractively furnished in brown. The contents of the shelves range from the latest best sellers to the Shakespearian classics. Some musical scores repose on one corner and are the only ^manuscripts which may be removed from the room. These may be taken upstairs to be used m the music room’. All other books and magazines must remain in the browsing room. A smwey taken of browsing room pati’ons revealed that most of them enter the literary haven with the definite purpose of reading something. Very few drop in just to kill time. Some said they dropped ip. at first to pass a little time, but after starting a book they keep coming back to finish it , , . becoming in the end browsing room addicts.
./tfl
1\
£dijba/ual
THE PUBDHE EXPONENT
3<aaiuAiL6L
Wednesday^ September 2L 1938
-f I’ 'f
#.
Election Unhampered.,. ... by political wrangling broke Gimlet Club precedent last night. Selection of pledges, a ceremony which heretofore has been an occasion for superfluous although spirited argument followed by voting according to lists predetermined by party leaders. Last night’s sessicm could not exactly be termed orderly . . rather, it was sensible. As the meeting opened, following a congenial dinner, the well-known lists came out of pockets. Soon, however, they were discarded as the members went on to do business in a fairer and more logical way. At first it was suggested according to venerable custom that the number of new pledges be decided upon. This, too, was for the time forgotten as discussion was turned to the very heart of the question. A list of eligible persons was formulated by open nomination. Then the spotlight.was turned on each candidate and the opinion of the group was aired. Finally these opinions narrowed the number doivn to just a few more than were finally taken. Here the only real bickering came. The argued question was how many should be taken. In the end the number was decided partly by the number of candidates generally approved and partly by constitutional limitations. The most famous news story in recent Exponent annals is said to be one written by a former editor about a similar Gimlet meeting about four years ago. The story told in ludicrous detail the political undertones and the ill-feeling that prevailed at that meeting. We are sorry we can’t offer as good a story tonight but we think the step toward cleaner elections is immeasurably more worth while. Perhaps politicians could have pushed through just as good a pledge list—even last night there were candidates so close that the final choice was difficult and not unanimous—
the Purdue Exponent
REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. Collese Pubhshers Representattve 420 Madison Ave NewYork, N. Y CHICAGO Boston Los Angeles - ban Francisco Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Delivered locally by carrier for $3 00 per year, mail subscription $3 60
Editor-In-Chief Business Manager
H. I. Stanback R, R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor L. S. Hardin City Editor D A. Bailey Associate Editors G W Frederick, K C Houston, R E Insley, W. A Kroeplin, D. G Terrio, J C Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Business Manager Local Advertising Manager Circulation Manager _ _ Sales Manager _ National Advertising Manager Accounts Manager Art Director
M. C. Reeves J1 M Antonini W F Berg V Daugherty H W Nevin WE Smith _D J Henninger
CO-ED STAFF
Editor
Associate Editors.
Editor _
Associate Editors
Sally McKee _ _ Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF R. L. McDonald J A Hebheler,
R, Jenkins, R J Deckard
EDITORIAL OFFICE
Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office
BUSINESS OFFICE
312 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6038
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University All opinions m it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief
Night Editor—Kroeplin Issue Editor—Heiple Wednesday, September 21, 1938
collegiate
Chaigmg that house lules “breed dishonesty and wide-spread rulebieaking,” two UCLA co-eds have launched a movement to abolish the sign-out and lock-out systems They say that such lules aie insults to women who come to college to study The lules aie supeifluous because women disregarding them are the type who leave college eventually because of scholarship deficiency, they declare Insulting to college women oi not, such rules ceitainly aie a much needed break for pool housemothers —C—C— Love affairs, homesickness, sleeplessness, and loss of appetite are the main problems which bring the students befoie university psychiatrists, according to Dr Amy Stannard of Cowell Memorial Hospital in California Exaggerated timidity and worries over academic standing are among the problems bothering students, says Dr Stannaid —C—C— Much to the discomfiture of 300 freshman women and delight of sever al thousand spectators, the Sigma Chi’s of the University of California became “Indians” for a day and helped initiate the first year women At the end of the ordeal which only a few women suivived, one co-ed was chosen to be the “Sweetheart of Sigma Chi,” and if pictures don’t he, she wasn’t a blond _C—C— Parents of the Oklahoma University <students intend to see that their young hopefuls go to college to study Criticism coming from parents and citizens was responsible for the discontinuance of mid-week jam sessions held in the campus Union Protesters objected to midweek enteitainment during class time
—Today— 11 00—Prof Robert Phillips, American Institutions 11 60—Purdue News Flashes 12 00—Farm Facts for Farm Folks 12 15—Sports Review 12 30—Luncheon Dance Time 12 45—Market Reports 1 00—Meditations 1 15—Monitor Views the News. 1 45—Wanita Wilson, soprano 2 00—America’s Hours of Destiny 2 45—Edward Foley, pianist 3 00—Famous Homes of Famous Americans 3 15—Afternoon Musicale
Holmes Succeeds Kay As Pistol Coach Capt Ernest V Holmes has been assigned as coach of the varsity pistol team to succeed Capt. William L Kay, who was transferred from the University military staff to Foit Benjamin Harrison. The teams under the tutelage of Capt Kay have won 53 out of 54 intercollegrate matches rn whrch they have participated in the last four years
4 00—Contract Bridge Chats by Julius Born 4 15—Melody Moods 4 30—Parade of Nations 4 45—Story Book Hour.
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS—All makes standard and Jiortable sold xjurchased, rented and repaired New Portable machines as low as $29 75 Supplies C F Ebershoff, 606 Mam street.
SAME ZIPPER CORDS sell 50c cheaper at DEWENTERS Say R P Manion sent you
MEN—Clean single room redecorated new bed with innerspring mattress One half blopk from Union Phone 31824 LOST—Gold Tau Beta Pi key Reward I^turn to Fowler Call 71334 FOR RENT—One-halKdouble room New house, gas heat 801 Vine Phone 61723 Call after 4 80 WANTED—Student washings CALL FOR AND DELIVER. Phone 46682 FOR RENT—Student room, single or double, four blocks from campus 100 Sylvia St Phone 76262
LET OUR DRESSES SPEAK FOR THEMSELVES Of course you want to look as smart as you are ... on the campus, at rushing teas, in the classroom, and on those all-im-portant college dates. Every newest style detail is on display in the Fashion Shop. A Specialty Shop With YOU in Mind Priced from $12 95 to $16 95 and up
Style Center of Lafayette 113 N. 4th Street
hut at least these elections leave a better taste and less ill-will among the athletic booster club’s members.
Its an old newspaper adage that “names make news ” Therefore in connection with the editorial policy of this column, we urgently request that our contributors, at the expense of life or limb if need be, furnish names with their accounts Beauty is a blessing Shed upon a few But God has never, never blessed A co-ed of Purdue. —Forlorn Freshman. To whom it may concern, Danfoith Kingsbury Heiple the First, will no longer have his convertible Ford at the disposal of his chums. Danny says he can no longer wart for the co-eds to give him the big “break” he has been hoping for, and so is going to return with his auto to the home town, Peoria. When on your knees before the one and only Bestowing on her tender words yet fiery Just take this tip from one grown sad and lonely Make sure she’s deaf and doesn’t ke«p a diary. ^ -^=- And the question that several activities girls are asking, is why they date dopes when men like Tom (Pretty Boy) Gardner and his pal, Dave Lewis are running around free. It seems like a shame to us, too. ’Twas on a Monday night and the moon even failed to shine. Yet, Dick Elton planked his SPE pm on Lois Randolph and tried to keep his little secret from the boys. But we get around, too, Dicky. “Lover” sometimes better known as Lochmvar Bill (Ainsie) Hart,
SPECIAL Senior Cords INCLUDING DERBY $3.50 KING THE CLOTHIER East Side of Square
TODAY
Starts Tomorrow DOUBLE FEATURE THE JONES FAMILY in BORROWING TROUBLE with JED PROUTY SPRING BYINGTON — Plus — WHO KILLED GAIL PRESTON with DON TERRY RITA HAYWORTH
Coming Sunday
Fred ASTAIRE
Ginger ROGERS
CAREFREE
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Licbty
“One more past due account, Sneed, and we’ll turn thts lilace into a collection agency!”
after speaking to every organized girl on the campus has finally been successful in getting a date with freshman cutie, Peggy Davis. Little does he know that some of his better friends are planning on his never keeping that date They are going to beat him to the gal Woof! Woof! Thirty million frankfurters and hamburgeis will be eaten next year at the New York World’s Fair in
1939 at the 70 to 80 stands to be erected in the fair giounds, according to a bulletin from its press department. That number of fi ankf urters and hamburgers, if strung into a rope, would reach across the Atlantic fiom New York to London The meat in them would fill 187 refrigerator freight cars.
AIR-CONDITIONED
Last Tiitie^Today'
AND
OM KEERt
CLORY ilBW
ALSO ‘Flash Gordon’s Trip to Mars,” Serial
THURS. - FRI. - SAT. “Rolling Caravan” “The Shadow”
‘Zorro Rides Again’
LAST TIMES TODAY
“KISS ME SO I’LL ALWAYS HEMEMBEIR...EVENSFYOU DON’T COME BACK!”
Adolph Zukor presents spsm m ¥Hi starring GEORGE RAFT HEMRY _DOROTHY FOHDALAMOUR
TOMORROW
FRIDAY
KAY FRANCIS GEORGE BRENT in “Secrets of An Actress”
LtltlA
IGMHeiU —LAST TIMES TODAY—
STARTING TOMORROW Gene Autry in “Thte Old Barn Dance” — and — Paul Kelly in “The Missing Guest”
Ammm
JOHN BARRYMORE • ROBERT MORLEY ANITA LOUISE • JOSEPH SCHU.DKRAUT
STARTING TOMORROW PAT O’BRIEN JAMES CAGNEY
“BOY MEETS GIRL”
V■-#
mmm.
Wednesday, September 21, 1938
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
^ #
^ / i
f
ielder^s«,*« ....choice
National League W L Pet. GB Pittsburgh 81 67 .587 Chicago 78 61 .561 3% Cincinnati .....76 62 .661 6 New York . ..75 64 .632 6y2 Boston .69 69 .600 12 St. Louis 67 72 .482 14y2 Brooklyn ;....63 74 .461 17% Philadelphia .49 90 .363 32y2 Yesterday’s Results No games played. (Rain). American League W L Pet. GB New York 94 47 .666 Boston .....81- 59 .578 121/2 Cleveland ....80 61 .669 14 Detroit 74 66 .529 19% Washington 70 72 .492 24% Chicago 59 75 .443 31% St. Louis ., .....49 87 .357 43 -Philadelphia .51 90 .352 43 Yesterday’s Results New York, 4; Chicago, 6, St. Louis, 8-2; Boston, 12-7. Washington, 1; Cleveland, 9. Detroit-Philadelphia (rain).
Joe Mihal remained on the sidelines during yesterday’s practice session minus his pads but sporting a vividly colored black eye as the result of Saturday’s intrasquad battle . . . someone poked a finger into Joe’s eye early in the first period of the game . . . he will be (back in harness tonnorrW, however, and Will be quite ready for the Detroit game. —fc—The squad continued to drill on passing defense and offense . . . the Detroit squad is known to have an excellent passing team . . . Brown, Welsch, Byelene, and Brock were throwing some fine passes during yesterday’s practice session ... “Whitey” Johnson and Gene Britt have been showing well in defensive work. —-fc-r-Big Bill Vergane has recovered from his leg injury and is back working for a right tackle berth • . standing six feet five inches tall and weighing 238 pounds, Vergane is one of the largest football men
HAPPY THOUGHT FOR THRIFTY COllEGIANS —SfMD your weekly laundry home by handy Railway Express Right from your college rooms and return, conveniently, economically and fast, with no bother at all. just phone our local college agent when to come for the bundle. He 11 call for it promptly—whisk it away on speedy express trains, to your city or town and return the homedone product to you—all without extra charge—the whole year through. Rates for this famous college service are low,<*w<^you can send collect, you know (only by Railway Express, by the way). It’s a very popular method and adds to the happy thought. Phone our agent today. He’s a good man to know. 9 So. Second St. Phone 2025 Lafayette, Ind.
V
Union Billiard Feud Continues After a two-month lapse, M. H. Ingleman, and F. E. Whitney have resumed their billiard room feuds at the Union Building, the next of which will take place tomorrow night at 7 p. m. Whitney, master of the cue stick, is giving Ingleman a 100 point handicap. A year ago, Ingleman beat Whitney at the above handicap by a few points which started a series of matches running throughout the school year. Intermittently the pair continue their billiard matches that have developed into a major attraction. Last week Whitney beat Ingleman 200-125, both men indicating superior form. Referee for the balkline tussle will be T. J. Higgins, EE, assisted by Scorer P. H.' Weisman. in the country John Petty^ sophomore fullback and winner of the Freshman award last year, was still away from practice with a “tackles shoulder.” —^fc— Interfraternity softball will be officially underway today after two days of practice games ... The annual fall golf tournament has been slated for the 28th and 29th of this month ... teams of three men will represent the various houses. —^fc— Iowa, Illinois ,and Minnesota open their footbal schedules this Saturday; along with the Boilermakers . . all other Big Ten teams will be acquiring an additional week of practice. The Iowa team will be traveling to Los Angeles to^meet the U.C.L.A. squad in the opening contest . . . Illinois meets Ohio University at home, while the Miiinesota Gophers will emerge to meet the University of Washington.
Railway Express AGENCY, INC. NATIOH-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry St. Phone 7828 All kinds of printing from a calling card to a High School Annual
•r,.
I s #
'Q0. ^ p
Even Ae Fittest Foimtaiii Pett V ^Performs Far Better When Filled with this Modern Ink ... A Marvelous Creation!
Created by Parker to guard pens from pen-clogging- inks . . . Ends 69% of the fountain pen troubles There is not—and never has been—any other pen designed to handle all kinds of inks—good and bad —as well as the revolutionary Parker Vacumatic. One reason is that this modern invention has no rubber ink sac, no lever filler, no piston pump. It is filled by a simple diaphragm, sealed in the top, where Ink can' never touch or decompose its working parts. And its patented Television barrel lets you SKE the level of ink at all times—see wheii to refill. This pedigreed Beauty of laminated Pearl and Jet is everywhere acknowledged to be the grandest pen ever created. Yet even this Guaranteed Mechanically Perfect pen can be plugged up by the grit and gum in ordinary writing inks. Hence to guard the celebrated Parker Pens from pen-clogging inks, Parker experts developed this utterly new kind of writing ink^—called QufnA— an ink that actually cleanses any pen as it writes. This is done by a secret ingredient, wholly harmless. It dissolves the gum and other troublesome particles left in your pen by ordinary inks. It makes your pdh a self-cleaner—cleans as it writes. Barker Quink is full-bodied, rich, and brilliant.
Never watery or gummy. And it dries on PARER 31% quicker than average, due to stepped-up penetration. Yet Qufnk costs no more than ordinary inks—small bottles, 15c and 25c. If you use an ordinary pen, you need Quink even more than does a Parker Pen owner to keep it in writing condition. If you use a Parker Pen, you’ll be thrilled and surprised by the way it performs when filled with Qufn/c. For until we created Quin ft and the Parker Vacumatic Pen, there never was a really scientific writing combination. Those who can afford the best will not rest until they have them both. The Parker Pen Company,
Cross Country Squad Points Toward Pitt Meet; Twelve Veterans Back Working^ hard to prepare for one of the toughest schedules that has faced the squad in a long time, the Boilerniaker cross country track team is looking forward to having one of the best teams in j^ars. Opening with Pittsburgh on October 1, the Gold and Black runners have dual meets with Wabash, Illinois, Wisconsin, Butler, and Indiana. Following these meets there is' the state meet at Indianapois, the Big Ten Meet here, and the NCAA at East Lansing, Mich. The team, which coach Phillips says ought to be pretty good this year, is composed almost entirely of veterans. Bodeau, Knapp, Marozik, and Bell, all seniors, and Gaulke and Fatout, both juniors, are the pien who are expected to carry most of the God and Back burden this fall. About 15 freshmen turned out at the call last week, three of whom are expected to whip around the three and a half mile course in near record time. Eight sophomores from last year’s team have returned to this fall’s squad giving Phillips 12 returning runners to work with. Intramural —Today— REGULAR SOFTBALL GAMES 1— ^Triangle vs;. Sigma Chi. 2— Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Sigma Phi, Epsilon. 3— rSigma Alpha Epsilon vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 4— Theta Chi vs. Beta Sigma Psi. 5— Alpha Tau Omega vs. Beta Theta Pi. 6— Sigma Nu vs. Delta Chi. 7— Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Pi Kap- ■ pa Phi. 1 8— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 9— -Theta Xi vs. Phi Delta Theta. 10— Sigma Pi vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 11— Phi Pi Phi vs. Lambda Chi Alpha. 12— Kappa Sigma vs. Kappa Delta Rho. 13— Theta Tau vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. , 14— Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Acacia. 15— Delta Tau Delta vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 16— Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Kappa. 17— Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Phi Gamma Delta.
Dorais Plans Defensive Huddle For Opening Tilt
Giant Tackle
IMPROVE YOUR DANCING By Enrolling in Our NEW ADVANCED CLASS In Ballroom Dancing Friday, Sept. 23, 7:30 P. M. Yam, Lambeth Walk and Latest Dances Taught. ENROLL NOW 10 Lessons $6.00 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Bill Vergane, who returns to action after being incapacitated by a knee injury, is trying to take over one of the starting assignments for Saturday’s game. No Definite Date Set
For Fall Tennis Meet Due to a lack of entries in the annual fall tennis tournament “Chief” Clevett announced yesterday that no definite date has been set for play. This tourney, which is an annual event in the intramural calendar, has attracted many, players in recent years, and should prove to be one of the highlights of the fall sports program, according to Clevett. It is an all-campus affair with any student eligible to participate. A new system of play has been inaugurated this year in order that everyone entering may have a fair chance to win. The tourney is to be split into two sections; the freshmen and sophomores in one, and the juniors and seniors in the other. Anyone wishing to enter may do so by signing up in the intramural office in the Fieldhouse, no later than this week so that the tournament may be completed before cold weather;
Detroit’s deceptive football combination, already noted for its tendency to pass at any time arid any place, will present another brand new gridiron wrinkle designed to confound the opposition when it stacks up against the Boilermakers’ rebuilt eleven here Saturday afternoon in the Ross-Ade Stadium in the season’s opener for both teams. Directly contrary to the conventional procedure of modem day football elevens. Coach “Gus” Dorais, who has been responsible for a number of gridiron innovations since the day he teamed up with the late Knute Rockne to make the forward pass famous, has announced that the Titan eleven this year will abandon the huddle on offense, but will huddle on defense. Through the use of the huddle on defense, Dorais is evidenty planning on making frequent shifts in types of defense, shifting from a five to six or seven man line-ups conversely, as the situation calls for it, in an effort to confuse and pile up the speedy running attack that Coach Mai Elward has been grooming. Detroit’s new type of defensive maneuvering provides added worries for a Boilermaker coaching staff that has already been harried by reports concerning the effectiveness of the Titan passing game that enabled the Michigan creW to lead the nation’s college elevens in scoring last season. Detroit has made no secret of the fact that it will cut loose with an “everything to win and nothing to lose” type of attack. The Titans regard the Boilermaker clash as the high spot of their schedule, and Detroit’s fans, scenting a chance for victory, will turn out en masse for the trip to Lafayette. Tennis Aspirants Report For Fall Practice Session Because of inclement weather conditions yesterday afternoon, only a dozen tennis aspirants came out for the first session of fall practice on the Purdue varsity tennis courts. Under the tutelage of Coach Lar- .. ry LaBree, varsity tennis coach, two lettermen, two juniors, and six sophomores went through light exercises.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. East Side of Square '■'S' SHEAFFER. PARKER PENS AND PENCILS
Goin To Town? She’s walking down town— and that’s one of those '*unnecessaries” that make tiring days. Why walk to the city when you have street cars at your service for only Five Cents and Free Transfer.^
STREET RAILWAY INC.
" Vv%. ft^ I
^tacat odA,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
yinticoA.
Wednesday, September 21, 1938
Notices
Mllitarr Sophomores: Sophomores who have two F A Books No 200 may turn in the new copy for full credit between Thursday, September 22 and Thursday, September 29th —HOLMES
Unorganised Students- All students interested in organizing: houses meet in PIA Office at 7 p m today, September 21 ^ —SHELLHAMER P. I. A • Position of Men’s Activities Chairman is vacant on the PIA executive board Juniors feeling thev have the proper recommendations should state them in petition form All petitions must be in the PIA office by 5 00 p m Monday, September 26 —WELLS PIA Orchestra Rehearsals and tryouts in the Tower Room of the Union at 7 p w Thursday September 22 All old and neW members are urged to attend —SHINN Registration Workers. Students who Worked foi the Registra during the September registration may obtain their checks by calling at the Registrar s office ' —STONE
Gold Peppers: Get your passports at the Friday September 23 at 5 p m , in room Fieldhouse and bring them to the meeting F of the Union Building —COOLEY.
Stamp Collectors Meeting today, September 21, at 7 30 p m in the Tippecanoe County Historv Museum at the corner of Seventh and Main streets in Lafayette The federation plans are to be completed —MILLER
PSE. Senior Public Service Engineers meet today September 21 at 7 30 p m at the Sigma Phi Epsilon house —HENSLER
WSGA Executive Board- Meeting in the WSGA office today, September 21, at 7:30
—LEAMING
Catalvst Club: Impoitant meeting Thursdav, September 22 at 4 15 p m in room 108 Heavilon Hall - CRAIG Co-ed Life-Savers Meeting Friday, September 23 at 4 o clock in the WAA office —ORGESON
Tau Beta Pi. Important meeting of all actives in room F of the Union tonight at 7 30 p m Committees will be appointed —SMITH Skull and Crescent; Meeting Thursday, September 22 at 7 30 p m in room B of the Union Please bring passports to the meeting —HALL Exponent Workers Editorial workers for
For Students
Chest of Drawers Three drawer Chest finished in walnut on hardwood 26 inches wide, 17 inches deep and 43 inches high. $7.95 "REIFERS" Lafayette’s Largest Furniture Store
All Alisolute FOMGEMY, My Sleai* Watson! e “This will IS dated 1894. Utterly impossible' It couldn’t have been written before 1937, because my chemical tests prove it was inscribed with Penit, the remarkable new ink created by Sanford onljj last year Elementary . . , my dear Watson'” Amazing, Sherlock! For the benefit of Dr. Watson and other students in the Crime Detection School, may we addPemt IS a free flowing, troubleproof mk It has an attractive greenish blue''color. You can count on it for smooth, easywriling . . always' Because it’s pen-tested for all makes of pens. 2-oz bottle, 15c; 4-oz bottle with chamois penwiper, 25c SANFORD’S
SKI The Pen-Tested ink for All Makesiof Fountain Pent
Wednesday, September 21: Night HMitor, Houston , stooge, Insley, issue editor, Massey , pi-oof, DeHoog. marker, Miers —HARDIN.
jssibliy be a few itdryl Any junior
Found—Sum of money in Dean of Men’s office Owner may have same by describing container. ' —M. L FISHER, Dean of Men.
Juniors: There will po8sib]|{
vacancies in advanced milit , _ _ interested see Captain Morse in the main
office of the Armory at once.
9-22 —MORSE.
—Pickering, Simpson, Jakes; Wednesday— Short, Miller, Briscoe, Sebast; Thursday— Carroll, Jakes, Schlitter, Joy; Friday—Butz, Briscoe, Sebast, Pickering, Totten; Satur-day-Short, Miller, Joy. (9-27) —MoKEE.
Varsity Pistol Team: All members of the varsity pistol team willing to act as coaches with novice groups get in touch with me in supply room of Armory, immediately Practice firing for men acting as coaches will be permitted whenever possible —HOLMES.
Tau Beta Pi: Important meeting of all active members in room F of the Union Wednesday, September 21, at 7:30 p. m. Appointment of committees will be held —SMITH.
PIA Girls: All girls interested in helping with PIA activities meet in PIA office Wednesday, Sept 21, at 4 p. m —WIEN.
PIA Members: All members who have membership books and all who wish to sell memberships report to meeting at 4 p m., Wednesday, September 21, in PIA office. All books must be brought to this meeting —JENKINS.
Engineering Drawing: Students of Engineering Drawing last year will please call for their drawing plates at room 202, of Michael Golden Shops, on or before noon, Saturday, September 24 —RISING.
Student Senate: All senior and newly elected senators meet in room A of the Union at 7 -30 p m , Thursday, Sept 22 —ELLIOTT
Union Sophomores.: Those interested in Union activities should meet Wedneseday, September 21, at 4 p. m. In the Union ballroom. —OABONARGI.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Wednesday. September 21, in room A of the Union at 7:80 p m —WADLEIGH
Zouave: All members of the Zouave Sejuad who wish to be active this semester will report to the Armory at 4 p. m, Wedneseday, September 21 —HURST
Glider Club: Important meeting Wednesday, September 21, in room C of the Union at i :16 p. m —MOORE.
Alpha Zeta: Meeting at 7 30 p m , Wednesday September 21, in the Union Agriculturist office —HARDIN
Sophomore Co-cd Exponent Workers: Permanent schedule is as follows - Monday— Carroll, Burtsfield, Butz, Schlitter, Tuesday
Football Managers: There will be a meeting of all freshman and sophomore football managers in the Alpha Tau Omega house at 7 p. m. Wednesday, September 21. —PRUSH.
ANY STUDENT can study better in clean clothes . . . have clothes Crown Cleaned
regularly.
Rom riNE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES OFFrCE AT TOP OF THE HriL
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do-, but do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St,
SOUTHWORTH'S Everything for the Purdue Student
• Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic DR LUTHER A. RISK DR PAUL A. RISK DR HAROLD J.-RtSK DR ROBERT G RISK 400 SCHULTZ BLDG PHONE 5701
• Tailor
SPARRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4th and Ferry Streets
• Locksmith
• Beauty Studio
"C" CARTER for Keys, Locks, General Repairing Bicycle Rentals and Repairing Open Evenings Phone 2291 State-Main, W. L.
CORRECT BEAUTY TREATMENT Kienly Beauty\^tudio
• Hardware
• Printing
Everything In HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX JOHN SPERB HARDWARE 822 Main
SvTe HRINtlNG Office Stationery . „ U B 'N'edding Invitations ■ Calcs Books, Etc..., mT' CASSEL’S 40.re'R«v
A ii
Chesterfield Time on Your Radio Paul Whiteman Every Wednesday Evening All C, B. S. Stations Paul Douglas Daily Sports Program SI Leading N. B. C. Stations
. and with more smokers every day who find in Chesterfield’s refreshing mildness and better taste just what they want in a cigarette. It takes good things to make a good product Thafs why we use the best ingredients a cigarette can have —mild ripe tobaccos and pure cigarette paper — to make Chesterfield the cigarette that smokers say is milder and better - tasting.
..with MORE PLEASURE for millions
Copyright 1938, Liggbtt & Mybbs Tobacco Co.