VOLUME XLVII
HOLMES, EE »35, VISITS IN WEST LAFAYETTE
Here Monday
Program To Include Discussions On Highway Problems
Highway desigii, construction and maihtehancev as well as equipment and traffic i:equiremehte^^^^^'^^ be considered in detail at the iWentysecond iannual road sChoOl, whi<^ Will open at the University Monday morning and end Friday. More than 800 statej county and city officials are expected to attend the meetings, according to Ben H., Petty, chairman of the road school. Eegisfeation will begin Monday rnorning in the Civil Erigineering Building, after which the visitors will view points of interest about the campus. During the week- specialized sessions are scheduled for the various groups, as well as many general sessions. All of the general meetings will be held in the Civil Engineering and Memorial Union Buildings, while the exhibits will be located in the Armory. Variety Of Topics ' Besides technical details involved , in, highway work, there will be a wide variety of topics of interest to road men on the program. A large number of Well-known designers, ■ engineers, surveyors, road supervisors j public officials, and highway equipment manufacturers will be on the program. Demonstra(Continued on page 4)
Eugene B. Holmes, E. E. ’35, sales engineer for the James R. Kearney Corporation, St. Louis, Mo., has returned to the campus and West Lafayette where he is visiting friends. Holmes, who now lives in Tampa, Fla., and covers the surrounding states as part of his territory> formerly was prominent in the musical organizations here at the University, being tenor soloist for the Men’s Glee club and the. University Concert choirs.
♦Examinations will be held in the same rooms in which the divisions regularly recite.
Period' 1
WEDNESDAY. - 1^*:' P. jM.'
Course AD 59
AM'"2v
B 482 y Bd66
; DiviMbn8: lAll
Kodtti
ChB/lOB
Sororities To Resume Rush
GEAl:^.. OB 224 . GfiT 2 . DH 41 ■ Be 280 . Ed 185 , Ed 140 : EE 89 . Engl B ; F&N 11 E&N 19 GE 181
.......«....»u;v,y,ab, ■.'AG.:.:.;.;;;.':...:
...
............Aik..:: All.;...:..
.li ME 108
EE 129 . GE 201 ME 207 .. GE 208 . . Ed 201
-All-..;.:..
.. EE 254 Univ 2l2 ..HE 109 ..HE 109
Women’s Pjm-!H Association Plans DanceF^.2l
Phys 202 ..... G lOi
Greek Dance Set For Feb. 9
Open rush^ for sororities will begin Monday, Feb. 3, and close Sunday, Feb. 16, according to an announcement made by Rosemary Hoeferi president of the Women’s Pan-Hellenic Association, following a called meeting yesterday afternoon. During this two week period sororities will have the Opportunity to fill their quota of twenty-one if they have not already done so. Future Rush Plans Having studied the rush systems on other campuses, a committee will resume work next semester to make plans for rush in the future on this campus. ■ Plans were started for the annual dance which will be held in the Memorial Union Building on Friday, February 21. Sarah Schaaf is in charge of arrangements for the dance.
iMWi—All....
.™»Aik.;... -—All.;:.:., .......^All ......All..;;:; ,.._.-All.k.: ...:...Aii....:: .......All:.... ...k..Aii...... ....—Ail...... ..—..All.:.. .......All....:; ......All. ...All.:.... .-...All.....; ..;-...All.:..:: ........All...... ........All ...:..All.........:
..All. ..All
..All.;:..:.;:.
Period 2
THUKSDAY, JAN, 16, 8-11 A. M.
GE 181H ..........
ha; 181
HA 181H
Hbrt 29
Math 126
ME 21 •ME 61
ML 129a .......... MI. 149a .......... ME 169a .......... MT 5
MT 15
Phar 135
Phar 187 ......... PE 151
PE 175
Phys ll9 PM 17 PM 19
SG 2ll
.; .;. Ed 203
Ed 203
Gourse
AE 22 :..... Agron 2 Agron 23 .....
B 153
GhE 119 .;..... GhE 122 ....... Ghem 23 Ghem 107 Ghem 117 ..... Ec 1
Ee 11 .. Ec 11 .. Ec 11 .. Ec 11 .. Ec 136 Ed.l ....
Divisions Room ....All... AE 202 ..All Ag 206, 209 ....All.:...... Ag- 206 ....All:...:.. .:
...All:....
....All.....;.;.;..:.;..:..... —All;, .;..:sG 14 ....All.: ME 108 ....All. ME 207 ....B............. Eee 313 ....C.E;..........;;. EE 254 ....XG..... Rec 121 ....D...........;.....:. ....All......
EB 161 ..._...„Ail... EE 178 Ailk..... Engl 14 D.E>E;.
Ehgl llfi
Engl 117 A..;..:..., Eat I ...;-.::..w;„..._All-.-;. E Mgt 2 '-.All.:.; ..
BA 9 .. Hist 1 ... Hist 1: ... Hist 2 ... Hist 15 . Hist 118 Hott; 18 . Math 1 ... Math 116 ME 241... ML 33 .. ML 42 ... ML' 62 .. ML 73 .. MM 1 .....
Phdr 20
PEW 61 Paul 1 .. PM 6 ....
PM- 11
PM 12 .. PM 41 ..
Rec; 112 SG4
Phys 202
BiE 101
SG 211
G 104
Gourse
AD 56 ....
AE 12
AE 131 AH 21 ............ B 166 ......
Ghem 1
Ghem 1 ..........
Ghem 263
GE 80 CE 201 ............ Ed 17 :........ Ed 50 BE 19
EE 22
Engl ill :... Engl 121a ...... Engl 137 ........ Eht 203 .:
GE 104 ,..
Divisions ..All........:;. ...B...;.....: ..A......-..;... ...Aik.-...;..: .;.A11....;....... .:.AD-AG.... ...AH-AK.... ...All. ...All..... .'..All. ...... ;..B.....:.. ...All..;:...:.... ..A-H......... ...Aii.........:.. .„A11... ...a,Xa... ...All-....:.— ...All....:;— ..B. :.
1-4 P. M. Room
AE 202 AE 202 Ag 118 .............. SG 199 SC 211 ...: ME 108
EE 129 ME 207
GE:109 .; -All..
Me 77 .—..All ........
ME 103
ML 41 ML 41
ML 41 ML 41
ML 127 ML 1176. Phys 2 & 22...
—A-D— ....XD,E....—. ....XE,F,XP.. —G-J:..
..:.A11.—
—All—:...—. ;.A11 —
— ME 3 G IQl • Ghem 106 .— Ed 201 GE 201
... Pur 211 . Phys 202
199
Co-ed Hours Chauged For luterfraternityBall
Former .Exponeut "^Ed Becomes Proud Father
The annual Interfraternity Ball, sponsored by the Fraternity Presidents’ Council, will be held Friday, February 7, in the Memorial Union ballroom from 9 to 1 6’clocky according to an announcement last night, The W- S. G. A. judicial board last night announced that co-ed hours will be 'changed to o’clock that night for the affair. No Orchestra Although no orchestra has been engaged to play for the Ball, announcement of the band is expected within a few days. Ticket sales will begin immediately after the close of final examinations, and only 350 tickets will be sold. J. N. McConnell, president of the councily has appointed the committees as follows: N. C. Michels, chairman; L, B. Challis and H. M. Harper, decorations; W. C. Compton and R. j. Bodiney tickets; M. A. Johnson, arrangements; and H. V. Heuser, publicity and favors.
Mr. and Mrs. E. J. Tangerman, of Flushing, N. Y., are the parents of a daughter, Mary Johanna, born on January 7. Mr. Tangerman, a graduate of the University school of mechanical engineering in 1929 and former editor of the Exponent, is now engaged as assistant editor of Power, a McGraw-Hill publication.
Seniors at Princeton University voted 278 to 86 that they would rather win a Phi Beta key than a varsity letter in college.—The Daily Cardinal.
Choir To Present Concert Tonight
The University Concert Choir, under the direction of A. P, Stewart, will present a program of varied musical selections before a session of the Agricultural Conference tonight at 7:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall. Charlotte F. Stewart will carry the solo parts and J. Robert Hammon will accompany the choir. The follovdng numbers have been selected for the program: “Bowl of Roses”, by Clarke; “Morning”, by Speaks; ^‘Shortenin’ Bread”, by Wolfe; “The Sleigh”, by Kountz; and the “Italian Street Song”, from Naughty Marietta, by Victor Herbert.
Cd-ED HOURS
During the final examination period, the hours from Sunday through Thursday will be 11 o’clock as usual, but upon completion of final exams, each girl shall have 12 o’clock privileges, thereafter. JUDICIAL BOARD.
Hiner Named ’SSCc^nKiiig
Expert Points Out Huge Soil - Waste : In United States
Russel Hardin Wins State Junior Corn Title
Editor’s Note—This is the first of a series of two articles written by L. G. Gray, Assistant Administrator of the Resettlement Administration.
Floyd Hiner, 35 year old Rush county farmer, Lewisville, is the new corn king of Indiana, ascending to the throne here last night, when the committee of five judges selected his ten ear sample of Reid Yellow Dent as the best entry iii the state corn show Which is being held at the University in connection with the annual Agricultural Conference. The sample is the same one which won' regional honors for him at the recent International Grain- and Hay show and which ran a close race with the white corn which won the grand title for William Carr Lentz, of Jeffersonville, (Continued on page 4)
Land—the raw material of farms, forests and range—is one of our major sources of wealth. Hundreds of thousands of rural families are now enduring, a poverty utterly inconsistent with American standards of liying,; largely because of a failure to use the land to its best advantage. In areas such as portions of the southern Appalachian Mountains, where conditions of living are particularly severe, one reason for the present poverty is to be found in the history of land use. The forest, which formerly provided the chief income for the people of the south(Continued on page 4)
For Hoosier Livestock Owners
Dr. Andrew Boss, vice director of the U. of Minnesota Agricultural Experiment Station, forecast a bright and' cheefful year to Hoosier livestock producers in his address to the an-
yesterday that was held in connection "with the Farm^s
Week GcHiferehce tlia,t is now
in ftill swihg^
With ths atteridahee mg at 2;995 at 4 o-clqil^ yesterday afte^ooh and still mounting at a steady pace the ebmmittee iii charge expected approximately 4,000 to 4,500. people registered at the :time of closing last night. All indications point to hew records in attendance according to the statement of the several agricultural staff members. , New County Leaders New county leaders for the five regions of the state carfae to the front as the attendance Contest went into the second day -with large delegations registering from all sections of the state. White county boasted , of the largest representation with 95 persons signed and took first place in region 1; in region 2, Cass county led with 89 delegates ; region 3 leader was Lake county with 80; region 4, the contest was tied with 54 persons from both DeKalb and Wayhe counties; region 5 was headed by Switzerland county with 17 registrants. -County cup -winners will not be named until the close of the conference Friday noon. In the general session held in the Fowler Hall with Dean J. H. Skinner presiding. Floyd kemmer, Huntingburg, director of the Indiana Farm Bureau, spoke to the large assembly of Hoosier farmers and faim homemakers on the subject of “The Value of the Indiana
Farm Bureau”.
PUBLICATION SCHEDULE
Because of final examinations the Exponent will be published only on the folio-WiDg dates during the next two weeks: Jan. 17, 21, 23, 30, and -31. - '
Educator To TaUt Sunday
Famed Attllioi^ Theolo^gist To j^dr^ess R^gioiis CcHiYQ
Ah interesting and educational program has been planned for students who attend the All-Univer-sity Religious Convocation Sunday morning at 10:30 in Eliza Fowler Hall, -where Dr. Henry Sloahe Coffin, noted educator, preacher, wellknown theologist and , at present president of New York City’s Theological Seminary, will speak on “Faith and Its Symbols”. Music for the convocation will be furnished by the University Choir. Besides having preached in -the Madison Avenue Presbyterian church, in New York City, for 21 years. Dr. Coffin also holds degrees from seven universities including a masters from Yale, D. D. degree from Glasgow, and in addition has found time to write, 13 theological publications, his latest one being “God’s Turn”. Choir to Sing With Charlotte F. Stewart as the soloist, the University Choir will offer arrangements which will include “The Omnipotence’^ by Franz Schubert; “Cast Thy Burden Upon The Lord”, from the famous oratpria, Elijah, by Felix Mendelssohn. “The Omnipotence” then furnishes the dramatic setting for the words “Great Is Jehovah,, The Lord”. A final selection, “Gloria”, by Tschnea-^ koff, will conclude the program, Pi’eceding choir singing, J. Robert Hammond will give an organ recital.
M. S. Williams, E. E. ’32, is employed as oil receiver and telegraph operator with the Indiana Pipeline Co., Huntington, Indiana.
Debris Staff Will Exhibit Work In Armory Jan. 28-29
Can We Turn The Scourge Of Surpluses Into Blessing?
Editor’s Note: The following article has been prepared by M. L. Hawkins, of the education department. The project is being presented here in coopera- . tion with that department and as an item of interest to. all readers. The third .article of explanation will appear at a later date.
We have learned that it is the Surplus production which ruins market value. It is not just the price at which the surplus goods themselves can be disposed of, that is reduced. The value of the whole market for each type of commodity sho-wing excess is reduced. The country is afflicted -with two kinds of surpluses^—(1) its surplus of material commodities, of Which farm products give us one of the best examples, and (2) its surplus of unemployment due to technical advancements.
Two Important Shortages
But the country also is afflicted with two important kinds of short ages—(1) shortage of people with the kind of technical skill and earning power required to support a rising standard of living, and (2) lack of any specific program for cooperating constructively in the solution of our o-wn problems. “Now it appears that the Good Lord : is not going to allow us to escape the scourge from these surpluses oh the one side, and from lacks upon the other, until we wake up and beg-in to invest and utilize our surpluses in such way as to
Scale for the Measurement of Attitude Towards PROPOSED SOCIAL ACTION C opyrighted by Purdue Research Foundation
Kindly check each statement with which you agree with reference to the proposed “Vocational Advancement Cooperatives.”
Favorable □ Is neither harmful nor helpful. □ Will be liked only fairly well. ; □ Will be all right if it works. □ Will harm no one. □ Is better than no action at all. □ Has more good points than faults. □ Will be accepted by the majority. ■ □ Will abolish social inequalities. □ Will raise the cultural level. □ Will be appreciated by the general public. □ Will salvage human values. □ Shows great possibilities of being a success, □ Will aid the advancement of society. - □ Will solve some of humanity’s greatest problems. □ Will insure the stability of the nation. □ Will advance civilization -to a higher level.
□ Will develop high ideals.
□ Is essential to human happiness. □ Is vitally necessary for the welfare of tlie country. □ Is an absolute necessity.
Unfavorable Will do just as much harm as it will good. □ Will be all right in a few cases. □
Has limited application Is only the work of a well organized minority. Is too much of a deviation from normal procedure. Will not be understood^
□
□
Cannot produce adequate results. □
Is too conti-adictory. Manifests a spirit of "^Ifishness; Is not ad-visable. Is an enemy to the dictotes of sound policy. Is an insult to most people. Is entirely a haphazard plan. Will cause much trouble. Is a foolish inconsistency. Is an enemy to Bberty. Is an absurdity* Is a ridiculous plan. Will cause a revolution. Can mean only disaster.
Identifsring Name for Future Retorence Occupation Age To be totorned to the Purdue Exponent, Lafayette, Ind.
Sax
overcome our lacks. Can’t Shove Off Job We can’t shove this job off onto the government no matter how we try, nor how willing government is to do the job for us. Learning how to raise, our standard of living and how to cooperate are things we’ve got to do for ourselves. However, We can count upon the government to do its part in backing any constructive program back of which we, in school, farm and factory, show a -willingness to put our shoulders first. Government was prompt to extend the strength of its Credit to help big business and the banks in their time of great need. How much quicker it will do the same thing for any sound and workable program with which we come forward! ■ Specific Program “Vocatibnal Advancement Coop eratives” as outlined in the previ ous article in this series, represents a specific program by means of which to take our surpluses of workers and commodities off the market in such way as to overcome our lacks of technicRl skill or earn ing power. It provides a specific program of cooperation to raise the general standard of living It puts the burden of responsibility upon SCIBN'riPIC , MANAGEMENT. According to Henry Ford, Scientific Management-Economy can more than hold its own with Money-^Eco-nomy right now.
An enlargement of one of the campus beauties, 2 feet by 3 feet in size, will be one of the features of the exhibit that will be set up in the Armory during registi’ation for the second semester, by officials of the Debris, student yearbook. The exhibit, consisting mainly of sample page layouts, including ten actual pages from the book, will be exhibited, According to T o m G o u 1 d, business m a n a ger of the Debris, the price of the yea rbook will b«
$4.50 during registraiiott andup tmtil after which
Feb. 15,
time the price will raise to $5.00. No books can be purchased after March 15, because of the University ruling prohibiting student organizations to order more hooks than prospective sales indicate. The senior picture section of the book is, at present, being sent to the engraver, and work is gradually di'awing to a close. The Debris, itself, is hound in DuPont Fahrieoid and is 9^x12^ inches and contains over 300 pages of life about the University; activities, sports, fra^ ternities, sororities, and fecul^. The business and editorial staffs plqu to work during the exankinntion period, completing the trinr* ming arad mounting of the senior pictures and toe
- i
-SISl
is
t %'i'
wm1935 Member i93<5 F^sociated Cblle6ic4e Press
Distributor of
Golle6iote Di6est
.tteinber ‘«tf ' NaiH»ih]d Coilege A^bciatioiii; EK ' ’OAmMuiAinf'AtS htr 'iSiai^Inntti .'AiAvAirflalncp. .v' '
I X - i
ilS;f
;' : Entered as
mail, '$3.60 per year
’420' .-Ma<dmn^ Neiff .■^nrk:"Ci§’-'
serond class matter at the i>6st office,-Lafayette, Indiana ' Peliyei^ year; delivered by carrier, $?.B0 per year; Sold by single .^py, 2 cfe^ MAIN dl|lCE^2 Nctrth Sta^
/BoSineSs Phone 5088 , , ' ; Editorial Phone 5087
Daily Student PiiMication of Purdue University / ,
Editcir-in-Ghief.. .. Managing Editor.. Associate Editors....
EDITOKIAfc STAFF
.........:x.......;...;..iv..:H. vVi Heuser ......... ....i.^. ...........C. H. Campbell A, M, Chasteen, C. Id. Hardin;
W. T. Hunt, B. H. Morris, M. G. Waltber
Sports Bdit<m;.....x.._..;. .......,„..;...;.........x....,......;.............y:;;.i..;;.x;.;.,x...i......i.............JN. Ei Hays Associate Sporis BdItors.................■...............'...............JD. F, Mull, R, H, Walpole, L. D. Wood Sophomore Assistants.x................i...K. A. Barnette, J. E.' Brockj R. I*. Cribb, A. H/Forster,
C. Harper, Jr., M. Kohr, R. P. Manion, D. M. Meacham, C. L. Sadler
G. P. ROquembre, R. C. Schehck, yonHarz
Bold and Black Editor
..W.’B- Abbott
Business Manager........ Advertising Maiiag^.. Advertising Assistants Circulation Manager...^
BUSINESS STAFF .;.... W. A. Koch : ......X............. ..........H, F. Antonini ....... ...............i ........L. H. Brown, R. Creek, D. C. Miller x......„ ; R. J; Hulse
Editor
WOMEN’S STAFF : ...:. :... Joyce Williams
Wednesday, January 15,1936.
Issue Editor—-R. C. .Schenk. . . ., .
Lindbergh And The Press Since Charles Lindbergh’s flight across the Atlantic, he has held the spotlight of the nation’s popularity. The press has crowned him the “symbol of American manhood,” the “hero of modern times,” the “perfect example for modem youth.” The air of heroism that has been thrown around the name of Lindbergh should go down in history as the shining example of what the press of the country can do in forming public opinion. New York greeted his return with a shower of ticker tape, a demonstration that has not been equaled to this day. At first there was an attitude of admiration, and then, when his son was kidnapped and murdered, public sentiments turned to sympathy. Never before has such a series of incidents created a similar nation-wide stir. The public has not received the entire news coverage, that has been written and has been spared the shock of learning anything that would cast reflections on the character of America’s hero. A short while after his return from abroad, a story appeared in several papers Concerning a law suit by Lingbergh’s mother, in which she attempted to collect certain debts from her son. Although it was published in a few journals, the general circulation of the article was “killed.” America would have had its idol tom from the place of adoration were such facts made known. Other incidents in his life have never been published. Now, however, the tide of popularity is threatening to change, due to the flyer’s undiplomatic relations with certain papers. When he decided to make public his sudden trip to Europe, his story first appeared in the New York Times, When the story left the writer’s hands, all telephone connections to that paper’s ofiices were disconnected and no one was permitted to leave. It was truly a “scoop.” The papers that had been slighted naturally assumed an antagbhistic viewpoint and condemned Lindbergh’s actions. It is easily understood why he should not choose to aid certain papers in their collection of news, for their reporters and cameramen made life miserable for the entire family. A front page editorial in the New York Post several days after Lindbergh’s departure condemned the Hearst papers. The article describes an incident in which Hearst cameramen, riding in a car, forced the car bearing little Jon and his mother to the side of the road. Another attempt at kidnap was predicted by the occupants of the car, but the only act of the men was to shove their cameras in the car and take shots of the two. The picture was printed in Hearst’s New York American with the proud caption, “Exclusive Photo of Famous Flyer’s Son ‘at Wheel’ of Father’s Auto.” The photographer received
a $100 bonus.
To furi;her arouse the ire of Lindbergh, the Hearst Mirror, a New York tabloid, had been publishing sentimental stories by Bruno Hauptman, the convicted murderer of Charles, Jr., in an attempt to stir up circulation among the Nazi of Yorkville. Says the Post, “No other paper in New York would so much as touch this sloppily sentimental defense of the man convicted of America’s most ghastly crime.” In Lindbergh’s life of the last few years there is the perfect example of press relations. His rise as a hero through the printed page, the kidnapping, his fight with certain factions of the press that are undoubtedly off color, and now comes the statemeht, “the war is on,” from the English journalists. It has been predicted that in a few years Lindbergh will be universally disliked. Will his admirers suddenly turn to enemies, due to a change in the glare of public light ?
This will probably be our swan song as writers of this &“!”(%)> column. There will be a few people that will think that means a
Thanksgiving celebration.
We have been trying to frame Brayton for two weeks, but he lives
•too well, if not wisely.
CYNIC .
1 wqTe :iny ''vest-a Big Bp^kearij No woman, on earth ico«>W tear ns Sunday I took yoh out; to tea ; ; My heart was unlocked with a Kapr
pa key.,, ...
It is bring rumored about the Wrigley gum fraternity that little Putze has a pin wandering around loose. He won’t give us any irtformation. Ross mit em! ■ '
One of his brothers tell us that the nice prexy of the Beta house has a bowl of goldfish in his room; They won’t stay that way long, for we have often heard that a fish and his gold are soon parted.
We seem to be feeling awfully
poetical all of a sudden—^
TO J-
I sit and wait and bide my time, Hoping and wishing someday to
find,
A girl so beautiful, sweetly sublime A girl like you or ope of your
kind.
Thus I go on with thoughts never
ending,
With purposeful heart and will never bending, And cherish the thought that someday I too. May look in those eyes, and know they are true.
We had a swell story to break on the Pifis, but the Ed says that we must keep religion and sex out. of
the column.
WITH OTHER EDITORS
Youth Without A Job
(Evemiiig PuMic Ledger) It is frankly admitted by Aubrey Williams, executive director of the National Youth Administration, that he does not know how to spend the money asrigned to hirn for the aid of idle American youth. “I don’t know where to turn, I don’t know what to do,” he told a meeting in New York. About half the $50,000,000 fund set aside for the National Youth Administration is being used to help 300,000 college and high-scjiool students to continue their studies. But nobody knows how to use the rest of it to good advantage on behalf of about 5,000,OOO young persons who have finished school and cannot find a job. They cannot be assisted or encouraged to take work away from heads of families. To piit them to apprenticeship to trades and industries would work injustice to thousands of competent craftsmen and workmen who are unemployed. New work is needed for them, but “boon-doggling” would do them more harm than good
tsvviy Wiici c wuiu uuu auuic wura. lur youilg people 11 me yOUng people would take it at the price that could Be paid for it. Otherwise, in very many cases, the work cannot be done at all. This would be a stop-gap method of meeting the problem. But millions of young Americans in the past have started their careers with stop-gap jobs and been none the worse for it. Millions today would be much better off with any kind of work than with none at all.
We found out from the University that there is still a WEH. Since Stu quit writing B & B we thought that it had been mislaid somewheres. Of course, tliat was during the time when Deedee, Ada Mae, Ruthjeanne, and Pyankie Ford were good for a story any day. We were always under the impresrion that Stu was a cross between a guppy and a blank cartridge, anyhow.
That reminds us, Frankie will be back in school next semester. Hughes has already climbed on the old wagon.
Gawd! we feel another one com-
ing on— ;
LAUGH, SOUEPUSS I thought you were gracious, noble, and sweet, A trampler of men beneath your dear feet, find there instead, a sight quite alarming. Plans vitriolic, with a smile disarm-
ing.
You thought in the midst of this mental debating, You’d play me for fish in the usual role. Just carry on, though the wait may prove grating, We’ll see who is served with the Filet of Sole!
Now we hear that Albaugh, of the pall-bearing SPEs, has a job next year selling funeral hearses. Wonder if they sleep on marble slabs over at that house.
„ By M. G. Walther Rockford College for Women is proud of its famous alumttd, Jane Addams, and according to MisS who WAS A student there for two years before coming to iPurdue. “They don’t let one forget it. I even had the same bed that that illustrious woman hkd when she was in school. It was sS old that it sank down in the middle and I had to curl up in a ball when I slept in it.” Tt was Jane Addams who said, “That persSn is most cultivated who is able to put himself in the place of the greatest number of persons,” but when she uttered that profound saying it could have hardly occurred to her that the old alma mater would take it so liberally as to put its girls in the very bed she had once occupied^ This incident, however, is mbr^ dr less typical of the am of tradition with which Roclridrd reeks. It even has the ivy-cdvered bnildings which are associated with schools of classical tradition. The institntion is nearly 100 years old, but it was not until the 1900’s that the name was changed from the Rock; ford Female Seminary (founded, as story would have it, as a source of matrimonial material for nearby Beloit College lads) .
Small Campus
The campus is about two blocks square but most of the classes are in the one original building, which also serves as the dormitory and dining hall. It is built so as to form a court in the center. In the basement, a swimming pool is provided for the aquatic-minded. The Sci ence building is apart from this and recently there has been added to the campus buildings a sort of get-together place in the form of a tea room and smoking room converted from the home of the late president of Rockford. There are 300 resident students at Rockford and 200. girls who live in town. The presence of these town girls is very convenient for the resident students; it affords them an opportunity to leave the confines of the school on overnight excursions to the homes of their friends. The girls date Beloit students and men living in town. “While there are not many dances at Rockford, the one they do have are,” Miss W— told me, “very nice. The one sour note is the inevitable receiving line of faculty members, always the same one, and you can’t get around it. So you just hear up and hope that you can remember to smile sweetly as you go down the line.” Girls Like Faculty The girls like most of the faculty members, even the more eccentric old maids, of which there is a liberal supply. The president is a comely young gentleman, but unfortunately he is burdened With a wife. This, hoWever, does not keep the girls from thinking nice thoughts about him. And Miss W-— hears “that they have hired a real ‘cute’ German professor since I
left.”
Marquess Reitzel, Lafayette’s artist, teaches art at Rockford, j which speaks well for the caliber of j the school’s teaching staff. Reitzel, born and raised in Lafayette, was recently awarded a prize for his painting of a small hoy passing a graveyard on a winter evening. That boy is himself years back, and the graveyard is a local one. This picture exhibited (with others of Mr. Reitzel’s) last year at the Lafayette Art Gallery, was reproduced in the rotogravure section of the Chicago Sunday Tribune some months ago. Like all male members of Rockford’s faculty, Rritzel is married. There seems to he a belief prevalent that the presence of bachelors might in some way be injurious to the morale of the inmates. ,
After seeing that hat of Krull’s we can’t figure out if it is supposed to be an interpretation of Haile Selasrie, or the front of a V-8 that has just run into the henyasd.
Last word: I’m taking seven finals because I’m not carrying any exemption courses. -Jihp & mb.
ArnoM-Thompson Win Skiifflieboard Playojff
Louanna Thompson and Betty Arnold are the winners of the co-ed shuffieboa,rd tournament sponsored by W. A. A„ In the finals they played Georgia Halstead and Lillian Kei’khoff, winning both matches by large scores.
Models Exhibited
The largest number of tractors which has ever been shown at bne time on the campus are now on display. in the Old Agricultural EUgineering Building. Those tractors are of the latest design and sbme of them cawy, specially attached equipriient* The various companies owning tho tractors have loaned these machines to the University for class work, and laboratory dis The display consists of the latest i model tractors varying in from two to six cylinders, and from 14 to 50 horsepower. A 40-horsepower wheel type Diesel is one of the special models on display. Most of the gen-eral-pu;rpose tractors are mounted on various makes of low pressure tires. This makes it possible to test the efficiency of the different tractor tires and also to compare the efficiency bjf pneuri wiim steel vfheels. Especially is the pneumatic tii-e a desirable fea.tlire,.. for it is possible ; to move the tractors from laboratory to the field on their power without damaging pav-
ings./
“The trend in the new model tractor is that of more flexibility. They have from three to five speeds forward; which gives them a variable speed of from two to twenty miles per hour,” said G. N. Hinkle, of the agricultural engineering staff. “The comfort of the operator is also being considered more seriously by the engineer. This fact is shown by special springing, and upholstered adjustable seats. The exhaust pipes are also being equipped with mufflers and special attachments which; Will change the direction of the exhaust. Special chains of the lug and bar type are available for use on the pneumatic tires when the ground is extremely muddy.
J.wder «,d Optometrist ^ 004 Main Street
isi
RICHARD V. BATH
Wateh Maker 608 Main Street
ipai
JOHN GARRoLL, ROD La l^QttE “HI GAUGHO”
RICHARD TAIJWADGF in “NO#DR NEVER”
Unlike Purdue, Rockford does not sponsor vocational guidance conferences for women and all the mild furor attendant on them. They are more or less content down there to give the young i ladies a few of the social graves and a good general education, iricludihg an allaround physical education program and some training in home making. Some of the graduates do eventually become career women, hut the stress is not laid upon this. Rather, the girls seem more or less inclined to exercise that female prerogative of matching wits. with, and ultimately ensnaring some unsuspecting and dependable male. Which is more or less as can be expected until some cataclysmic changes take place in this civilization of ours. Run in some respects similar to a West Point, at least in that freshman girls go to bed at 10 o’clock and the like, Rockford makes an effort to instill in its female cadets a sense of what is proper and fitting. They accomplish as much as could be expected with a group of
young females.
ALL WEEK ; ; PLUS
Tliemost delightful love sloty . inallliistoivofliteretiire!,
.with ELIZABETH ALLAN EDNA MAY OLIVER BASIL RATHBONE
PqiJeye Cartoom
Family LAST TIMES TODAY*^'
2 Big Features ZASU: PITTS, HUGH. O’CONNELL
“THE AFFAIR . OP SUSAN” and EDWARD ARNOLD
“DiAMOND JIM”
Tomorrow - Friday - Sa.turday VICTOR JORY
^‘ESCAPE FROM DEVIL’S ISLAND’
TmmMY
New HAIN Donble Feature Program
FINAL TODAY You’ll like this . different gangster story. / “ANOTHER PACE” with Wallace Ford - Phyllis Brooks Eric Rhodes „ also SHIRLEY TEMPLE ' in “CURLY TOP”
Thursday - Priday - Saturday The “Monte Cristo” hero ROBERT DONAT in “The 39 Steps” ■ . also “MAJOR BOWES’ AMATEUR THEATRE OP THE AIR’’
STAGE SHOWS at 2:10-4:15 6:20-8:25 10:20
A Galaxy of Stars Songs and OM Fashioned Huittor
■ FEATURING ■ . “JOLLY” JOE KELLY PatButtram Otto and His Tune Twisters Hoosier Sod Busters Cousin Chester Winnie/^I^^
On the Sefeen BARTON MacLANE MARY ASTOR “MAN OP IRON”
Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday ; . WINNIE SHAW (The Lady in Red)
Broadway Hostess/’Officials of tjie ''military defiart- . r . ment Jast night annonnced a boxing tournament fot all members of ' ' ' ‘ the corps. This^ tournament will be held iti two divisions. The first rounds will consist of elimination bOuts and the semi-final and final rounds will complete the list. Medals will be awarded the winners of the various weight classes. ‘ According to plans now made the elimination houts will consist of one round lasting one minute. The final matches will be two rounds, each lasting one minute. The seven weight classes are 115, 125, 135, 145, 168, and 176 pounds and a heavy-weight class. Elimination Bouts All bouts will be fought in the basement of Memorial Gymnasium, the elimination bouts being sche'd uled for Wednesday, February 5, and Thursday, February 6. On Wednesday contestants in the. first three weight divisions will be matched while the remaining matches will be fought on Thursday. An aiinouncement thfe ^- feet mil be made at th^; CotPs Day formatidixon Tuesday^ The athletic otilcers; are especl ally desirous of a good turnout from the junior ani sophompre classes in order to prepare for the bouts at Gamp KnoX: this summer and next. Last summer the PuT' due Corps made a very cfediteble showing against the men from bth'erschoolsanditishopedthisbox- ■ ing tourney will pave the way for even better things at this summer’s ; campv' : ■ Semi-Final Matches No announcement regarding the semi-final and final matches Can be made at this date since the scheduling of these matches will be entirely dependent on the number 'of men turning out. ' It should be emphasized that, while a turnout pf sophomores and juniors is especially desired, anyone in the corps may sign up for the tourney. .
In the elections held yesterday
-f ^ " + ^ + BIG TEN STANDING ^ -b . V-
■■:w.
PURDUE Indiana loWa Wisconsin ....... Illinois Ohio State Northwestern Michigan Chicago Minnesota.......
Pet
1.000 1.000
.667 .600
".600
.600 .600 .333 .000 .000
Games Saturday Night Indiana at Minnesota. Iowa at Ohio State. Chicago at Michigan. Northwestern at Illinois. A “clip”, or flying block from behind on the football field is sufficient grounds for assault andjbattery charges, a Pennsylvania judge has
ruled.
Paves the Way (or Easy Finals During; finals we will remain ' open until 2 A. M. FREE DELIVERY on 8 or Mote Telephone 3423 Ask for 'Bert
State and Littleton
OMrKlSXliT Defense of both the Big Ten and outdoor championships this season gives the Michigan track squad the most difficult assignment faced by any Michigan team this season. Coach Charlie Hoyt has the usual material to work v?ith but he is facing a hard task whipping up another championship team. In an effort to popularize wrestlmg, Wisconsin’s first c^erence meet of the year was' thrown open to the public free of charge. Those who attended the matches seemed highly pleased at the realistic grunts and grpans which the bonecrushers gave.
—^s—-
Talking about a man’s game— here’s the one we pick after watch ing a professional game in Chicago few days ago. Water polo. It beems that the; objecf-cf the game is to dtOwn as many ap possible of the opposition without getting a final resting place yourself. These guys, who commit the only organized inurdef ui the field bf sport, would not yefi fori help even if they knew that they were going tmder for some time because of the stigma that is supposed to leave. They just sink quietly to the bottom of the pool and hope that someone will miss them and fish them out before it’s too’late. / • t■■ fss—Several well known Chicagoans will be here tomorrow- night to honor NobleKizer and the rest of the Purdue coaching staff. Arch Ward> Chicago Tribune sports editor; W^ilfred Smith, sports writer for the Tribune; arid Charlie Grimm> manager of the Cubs, are amorig those who have accepted inyita-
tions.
't—ss-—; Jack Silverman was heard complairiing about getting wrecked in a sabre match with Cincinnati U. He won his match but his arm and shoulder looked like it had been wrung through a wringer. —-SS— : Prof. G. A. Young, head of the mechanical school, gave orders at the start of last semester that anyone forgetting to insert his name on his paper would be assessed a fine of one 76 cent golf ball. The results of all Of his classes throughout the year showed that he was entitled to but three balls, but at the last moment he turned softie and called the deal off. Four veterans of the team that gave Michigan the Big Ten and national intercollegiate golf tournament last season, plus some unusually good sophomore material, are expected to provide the WoIvcpp ines with another strong team this 'year.. ■ _ --SS-—■ Several professors of the other colleges think that G. A. Young is the coach of the golf team or instructor in golf here. It seems that the Purdue graduates teaching in other institutions play an excellent game and they all give credit to G. A., who, himself shoots around 76, which is pretty good for anybody.—H. A. H.
Fencers ^iny Los One Over Weet-Eiid
Squash Team Trounces Illinois With Ease, 6-0 Purdue’s squash team made a clean sweep of fheir match with the University of Illinois in a meet held at Urbaria Saturday by a score of 6 to 0. Each member wori every game in the two best out of three elimination with the exception of Noll who had to play Wintzer, Illinois, a fourth game to win. Those making, the trip were Noll, LUcek, Fields, . Tzucker and Ulrey.
‘‘A Trip With The Navy” Wins First Pliice In Annual Rural Contest
Greenis, Tau Kappa Epsilon, won first place. Second place went-to C. C. Clifton, Delta Sigma Lambda, and the' alternate selected 'was Frank Jones, Phi Kappa Psi. These men, freshmen this year, will take over theirinew duties next September. In case either of the two men elected should fail to return to school Jones will be moved up to fill in second place.
'Voters
. Those Voting for these men were M. L. Clevett, head of the intramural department; Dean Lowe, present junior manager, and Miss Mary Leadbetter, assistant to Mr. Clevett. Lowe, a member of Kappa Sigma fraternity, will go out of office at the end of this semester. He will be awarded a “P” sweater for his activities in this work. Next semester’s officers will include C. Cl. Hamilton, Phi Kappa Tau, junior manager for the second semester, the two sophomore managers assisting him being J. E. Bteki phi Kappa Sigjria, and J. Er ^Seriri^'Theta'Xi,:.;.' : 6ffidals of the department'W^ ffeShmeri te try out for this actiy-r ity. Anyone interested should report to the intramural office in the Memorial Gymnasium at 4 o’clock Thursday, January 30, to Hrimiltori.
J t
Purdue’s fencing team split a double bill over the week-erid at\St. Louis, winning 9 to 8 from Waste ington University and losing to the St. Lpuis Fencer’s club 11 to 6. Four of teeir six points iri' thi& latter match were wori by Captain J'ack Silverman in tbe; foils matches. The matches vuth the- St, Louis cteb were held in the honie of Lon Hocker, who is former member of the United States fencing team which met Great Britain in an interriational match. In the mateh with Washington University Silverman, McWilliams, an.d Reynolds, in the foils matches, scored a total of six points while the hosts collected only three. Washirigton U. showed strong iri the epee matches, winning a tetal of three pomts while allomug the Boilermakers only one point, that lone score be™g made by SeUeiri. The sabre matches, fought by Silverman, Green, and Seaborg, was evenly fought, each team scoring two points. Men That Made Trip Fencing, like the rest of the Boilermaker sports, will be discarded for the time because of the period of final examinations and registration for the new semester. Those who made the St. Louis trip include Silverman, McWilliams, Reynolds, Harrison, and Seaborgf, in the foils; Green and Aritueshko, sabres; Sellers and Hamman, epee.
fiaakes a pipe ch^ . . and iow! Cool as the **’^^*ve a flat tire!” Sweet as the sigh: **Gara^ just aheadv” ]foigrant^ jEull-bodied tobacco that won*t bite the tOngue ■^in a tin that won*t bite tbe fingers. Ma^ our exclusive rnodern process including patent No, 1,770^920. Smells good. Makes your pipe welcome ' anywhere. Tastes good, Youir password to pleasure! liot a but off bKe In the toinieeo or tbo Tolescogie Tin. wMcb gote snidi and snnllar as you ine-up the tobacco. No bitten Unguis as you rrach for a lot^ arm the last oho. OqvUglit'1936. The Amerleaa TidMeeo Caopaiir
pijPE OR ceoimiTTi
Co-ed SwmuKiers Rated : After Mterelass Meet
Seven thousand farmers' arid farm homemakefs attended the annual Rural Amusement contest held last night iri the Jefferson high school gymnasium, and over 1,000 people vrere turned away teom the auditorium because of lack, of seating capacity. “A Trip With The Navy” won first place, thus capturing the first prize of $60.00 for the best act in the largest group performance. The Keller Sist^, under the direction of Cellestewii Keller, won the first prize of $40.00 for the best performance in the little group of the age 4 to 12, and “Some Good, Some Bad” won the first place in the Curtain Group ebnsistirig of not more thari a fix minute act of one to three people. Second Place Second place in the large group entertainment went to “Gypsy Tea Room” which was directed by 'Nfi;iie Slayback and acted by the Klondike high school here in Tipper canoe county, while “Hiram Blows In” was the title of the act perr formed qnder the directiori of birs. A. Nordhoff, of Birdseye, Indiana, arid the act entitled ■‘Rdses of Yesterday’r won the second place in the Curtain Group contest. ^ V ; Prof.' J. R, Wiley and his coipmittee were in charge of the eriterteinmeiit,,' ■
As a result of the co-ed interfiass swiirimirig meet held December 19, girls competing in the teurnament were divided into first team and second teain, according to their interest and ability. Freshman girls selected were Mary Elizabeth Oallison, Jean Campbell, Sally MacDermid, Kathryn Means, Mary Alice Pflughaupt, Saxon Shewalter, and Margaret Timbe]rlake. Sophomore girls of first class ability were Mary Humphreys and Emily Tubbs. Katherine Dunwoody was the only senior chosen to receive highest swimming honors. Girls performing work of second class ability were Mary Hague arid Blanche^ Kernel, freshmen; Mary Ellen Delaplane and Paula Fulnecky, sophomores; and Betty Arm old, June Lippert, and Loretta Van Rie, juniors.
DRESSED
visit
Body and Fender ■ -Str^ghlening. , Glass, tops and seat coyers, Frame and axle straightening. Welding and painte ing.’■' i^TOBOIIYSHOP 481^423 Nortih Third T Dial 2908
Patronize Expoonont Afiyrirtiseirfi
'OEB’S wants you to know that their store with all its resting and shopping facilities is at yonr service. SINGE you’ve been here last year, we have enlarged the^ store and add^ Pnrfitmre, Electric Appliances, Auto Accessories, Sporting Goods and Paints, WE INVITE you to inspect these new departments, see the many attractive articles assembled and ask ns as niany questions as you like. OUR January Sales are now in progress, featuring Wearing Apparel, Accessories and piece goods at excellent savings, at tibriftier prices than ill mariy years.f ,
f|«T'
m-
TYPEWMTBRS ADDING MACHINES—For sale, rent, repaired nnd bottght. Mnltigraph and mimeograph work done. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. . Phone 2779.
Chaml^rlain’s Special For This Week—Chocolate Chip and Vanilla.' Order it—it’s delicious.
For Eent—Next semester. Room with single beds. 205 Sheets. St. Phone 36772.
For Rent—Second semester, excellent quiet study, private sleeping porch attached, for instructor or upperclassman. 216 Chauncey. 75731.
Lost—^Valued compact, i Ladies rest room of Union. Initials, R. M. Reward.
NOTICES No notices accepted after 8 p.
Honrs for Co-eds—During the final exam period the hours from Sunday through Thursday will be 11 as usual, but upon completion of final, exams, each girl shall have 12 o’clock privileges, thereafter. —JUDICIAL BOARD. Fraternity Presidents—Come to Student Senate office today after 4 for keys. —TRUO.
Camera Club—Will the following members please report to the Student Union office between 4 and 6 today to pay their bills: Hershberger, Comee, Wolverton, Cahill, Long, Wills, Barnes, Harris, O’Hara, Camhi, Poor, j^ickmanj, Emslie, Pohm, Shrader, Maginnis. —SCHOLER.
Group Considers Farm Landscaping
Banishing barnyard bleakness and developing the home grounds of the average farm are two problems being considered by the Indiana department of conservation and the University horticultural department during the present Agricultural Conference, An exhibit prepared by the conservationists, which presents the fundamentals of planting and maintaining evergreen wind breakers for the- average Indiana farm, is presented in the lobby of the Union Building. Hard-Wood Trees Advantageous Not only does the display show the advantages of wind-breaking trees from the aesthetic and practical standpoints, but it also points out the advantages of planting hard-wood trees at various points on the farm where they will not interefere with routine duties, j 'R. B. Hull, landscape specialist, and E. R. Honeywell, floriculturist, are directing the presentation of a number of illustrated lectures and demonstrations which are designed tp encourage farmstead beautification by planting flowers and proper landscaping. Somebody’s definition: “An alumnus is a graduate who knows precisely how the football team should be run.”
UNITED’S SPECIAL Shampoo, Finger Wave, Rinse and Neck Trim 29c Manicure 35c Ph. 7345 Cor. 5th & Col’bia
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
Drink Milk for More Energy CaU JOHNSON Phone 41382
11936, Liggett & Myers Tobacco Co.
sg -....r-Xr j.-'ii. ' ' <
HINEE NAMED— (Continued on page 3) at the Chicago exposition. Reserve sweepstakes honors went to Glenn Pass, Charleston, who lives only a few miles from the national corn king, Mr. Lentz. Pass showed Johnson county white corn. Junior Corn King Russell Hardin, 17, of Knightstown, is the new junior corn king, and Robert Lee, of Greentown, is the reserve sweepstakes winner. Both won their honors with Reid Yellow Dent. The 1936 champion is a brother of Lowell Hardin, a freshman in the school of agriculture, who won the junior title a year ago.
The sweepstakes sample of wheat was shown by Ralph Stomm, "Waterloo; the best sample of oats, of the Victory variety, was displayed by Roy E. Snoeberger, Rockfield; the best sample of soy beans, of the Dunfield variety, shown by Jesse Shields, Sharpsville; best red clover seed, shown by L. R. Kendall, Kokomo, and best Korean Lespedaza seed, shown by Alva Holstine, Plainville, Daviess county. The sweepstakes sample of midseason corn, a Reid-Woodburn cross bred strain, was shown by George Kirkpatrick, Wingate, whose farm is in Fountain county.
Make any style of clothes. Imported and domestic woolens. Best workmanship. H. BEHRENS 126 N. 6th St. Over Kienly’s
Milk is your best food— it’s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-building and energy building.
tJlVION OAIRV
\Velcome
ROAD OFFICIALS— (Continued from page 1) tions on the various phases of road work also are scheduled. The visitors will be given an opportunity to inspect the exhibits in the Memorial Union Building Friday evening, with Governor Paul V. McNutt and Dr. E. C. Elliott as speakers. Other highlights of the program will include addresses by J. D. Adams, chairman of the state highway commission, and David E. Ross.
W. L. Norrington, M. E. ’36, is the assistant fuels engineer with National Tube Co., Lorain, Ohio.
Texas Christian has an exhibit of bibles which includes some printed as far back as 1380.
A||ricultiufal Conference V Istitors Use the Street Cars for convenience and economic transportation during your stay at Purdue. Fare 5 cents including transfers anywhere in the city. Lafayette Street Ry.* lac.
EXPERT POINTS— (Continued from page 1) ern mountains, was cut oif without any care for the future reproduction of trees. The land is on the whole too steep for farming, and cultivation merely aggravates the problem by encouraging the erosion of the fertile soil. “Stranded” With both the forest and the topsoil destroyed, the people have become economically “stranded”, and their standard of living has steadily declined. Housing is very poor, consisting often of dilapidated, leaky cabins which give insufficient shelter, and enforce unhealthy crowding. The food supply is so limited that children suifer from
malnutrition, and easily fall prey to disease. Education is necessarily limited. Society must decide whether these conditions can be tolerated. It is especially important when we realize that the poverty of the rural slums means the dependence of large numbers of families upon public charity and relief. Our objective must be not only to restore to these people a chance to attain an American standard of living, but to make them once more consumers and producers of economic goods. Buying Tracts Of Land The Resettlement Administration is buying up tracts of land in various problem areas to help restore the natural forest or grass resources which, if properly cared for, can again provide employment for local people. At the same time, this work will put a stop to the needless destruction of soil fertility, which, if permitted; to continue, would make the rehabilitation of the people even more difficult and costly. Families who cannot be employed in forest work will be helped to move out of the hills to flat, fertile lands where they can become selfsupporting.
A similar conversion of the land to better uses is being undertaken in other areas such as the old forest region bordering the Great Lakes, the western plains, and the old cotton belt of the deep south. Land that is not fertile enough for farming can be almost always utilized for some other purpose, like
STOCK