Bsa
Z«18S
Founded In 1889
Daily Since 1906
Volume 52, No. 117
Vest Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, February 19, 1941
Predict Nazi Movement On Bulgaria Expect German Within Possibly 10 Days; Engineers Plan Seizure !By George Weller SPECIAL EADIO To Chieasro Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Sofia, Peb. 18.—^The zone of operations of the German expeditionary force will be extended southward, possibly in the next 10 days, to include the area between the Danube River boundary and the high Balkan mountains bisecting Bulgaria, it was predicted today in reliable military quarters. These two natural obstacles follow almost parallel lines from the Tugoslav boundary in the heart of the Balkan peninsula across the Black Sea on the east. German soldiers are now massed in Rumania, principally at points south of Bucharest and Craiova. Passage of Troops Foreseen Until today it had been thought possible that the German technical experts might restrict their activities in northern Bulgaria to the establishment of aircraft listening stations, the erection of airplane hangars, and the placement of supply storehouses for emergency use, employing Rumania as a base and the Danube as a line of defense, and leaving the drive for Salonika to the Italian infantry and the German luftwaffe. Now, however, the presence of groups of civilian - dressed officers studying the railroad network in points north of the Bulgarian range, and the activities of bridge testers, road engineers and radio and telephone mechanics—all in civilian or work clothes—are held in foreign military circles to foretell beyond question the eventual passage of large numbers of troops. Kappa Psi Will Show films On Chemistry Kappa Psi, Pharmacy’s honorary fraternity, has planned two films for this afternoon at 4 p. m., room 311 In the Phari^acy Building. The first, a sound film in technicolor entitled “A New World Through Chemistry,” will show some of the recent advancements and improvements made in the pharmaceutical field. The second movie, “Four Little Mice,” will give the layman an inside view into the experimental field of medicine. Both pictures are shown through the courtesy of the DuPont Co. All students interested in this field are welcome, e.m.s.
-i^From All Fronts—^ Today's Summary Of War News Fo ChIcaKO Daily News Foreisn Service. Soptrrigrht, 1940. Chicaso Daily News, Inc. Nazis Advise Greek Peace Germany, it is believed in Sofia, has taken steps to convince Greece that it would be wise to conclude a peace agreement with Italy. Such a peace, it was reported, would have to be on Mussolini’s terms. * S' iK Russia Behind Turkish Pact It was apparently Russia that most wanted the Bulgarian-Turk-ish non-aggression pact, made yesterday, and it was Russia that laid the groundwork, according to information reaching George Weller in Sofia. It is expected there that Nazi troops will march southward in 10 days. Turkey Can't' Attack Nazis “Turkey’s non-aggression pact with Bulgaria,” cables William H. Stoneman, “confirms what has been known in London for many weeks; namely, that Turkey is not in a position to attack the German flank.” * * lit French Rule To Paris “Return of French rule from Vichy to Paris will be seriously discussed,” Paul Ghali learns, “when Adm. Jean Darlan goes back to Paris to revive long-snagged Franco - German negotiations.” * * He Japan Anxious For Peace Japan, anxious over the attitude of the United States and Great Britain in' the Far East, has offered to act as peacemaker “anywhere in the world.” It is suggested in Tokyo that America confine her activities to the Western Hemisphere. * si* ;i« British Sink Nazi Vessel A German vessel acting as an Italian supply ship has been sunk and three Italian steamers damaged by British warplanes acting in conjunction with the Mediterranean fleet, it is announced in London. * * * Fascist Losses Heavy Italians, retreating in the central and southern sections of the Albanian front are blowing up munitions stores, Athens announces. Fascist losses in the current fighting are said to be the heaviest, in dead and wounded, since the war began. 'Night Must Fall' Tickets Available For Exchange Mail orders are being received today for the Purdue Playshop production “Night Must Fall,” and coupons should be sent in by tonight. The regular box office will be open Monday, February 24, and tickets will be available for exchange from 9-12 a. m. and 1-6 p. m. daily. Reserved seats for the play may also be purchased by mail or at the box office for 76 cents each. “Night Must Fall” will be presented March 6 to 8. l.m.s.
Freshmen To fled Co-eds To Serve On AWS Board Today Balloting From 8 To 5 In Lobby Of Union Freshmen co-eds will vote for their representatives to serve on the AWS executive board today from 8 to 6 o’clock in the Union lobby. Two freshmen co-eds will be chosen from those who have petitioned for the office. There have been twelve petitions filed by the following girls: Elizabeth Baughman, Jean Brackman, Nelda Byrum, Mary Avis Dahl, Ruth Holden, Betty Hutchins, Luefie Ann Johnson, Jean Langton Thompson, Jean Laur, Natilie H. Lowey, Shirley Whiteman, and Ann Wickard. The executive board, which formulates and carries out the program of the organization, is composed of representatives of each class, the officers, and the committee chairmen. The freshmen representatives last semester were Ruth Frier and Virginia McDonald. Today two freshmen will be chosen to take their places on the board. All freshmen girls may vote by presenting their passports, j.r. 'Hatchet Club' Will Feature Floor Show With Music By Given By Mary Losey Shades of George Washington, the Union is sponsoring night club life. The usual mixer will be replaced Saturday night by the “Hatchet Club” Cabaret. It’s to be held in memory of “Old George” too. The grand opening of the Cabaret will be in the South Ballroom of the Union. Student cafe society will be welcome from eight to eleven o’clock. There will be tables arranged around the dance floor, and refreshments will be served in the ballroom. The cover charge for the evening is only one dollar, and that small price even includes a FLOOR SHOW. Irv Given’s orchestra will provide the music for the Saturday premiere. Informal dress will be quite correct in the “Hatchet Club.” Concert Scheduled In Music Room Tonight, in the Music Room of the Union, there will be presented a concert featuring Bizet’s little known Symphony No. 1. This is the first time that this selection has appeared in record form. Included on the program will be “Nuages and Fetes” by Debussy. The records are furnished through the courtesy of the Foster Shop. The concert will be free to the public. j.r.l.
Since 1899 Students Have Seen Performances By Famous Artists In University Convocations
By Donna Siess ’Way back in 1899 when this University was still in swaddling clothes it was announced that the Purdue Glee and Mandolin club would present to the students a concert at the Opera House on March 22. Sure enough, even then University officials were trying to give to the student body somewhat more, than mere book ‘lamin’. -So in the years following this, many famous stars made their appearance on convocation programs. Thrill came when “Cowboy” Rogers, the world’s greatest humorist, appeared on a program in 1928. When asked the subject of his address he remarked, “All I know is what I read in the papers, and I’ll talk on anything and everything.” It is recorded that he mimicked President Coolidge, praised Lindy, advised the co-eds, and discussed
politics. Looking back a few years to 1907, it is found that “The Value of an Ideal” was discussed before^ a group of 3,000 men students by William Jenpings Bryan. For this lecture. President Stone dismissed classes. In 1914, convos were held weekly during the morning. Highlight of that year’s program was an address by George Ade, of the class of ’87. His subject was “Lessons of Travel.” Another particular feature of this year’s convos was a series of vesper services held in Fowler Hall at 4 p. m. on Sundays. To an enthusiastic audience “The March King” made his appearance October, 1923. At this time John Phillip Sousa pleased his student audience with a '.special tribute “Salute to Purdue.” During the
roaring election of 1936 when Landon and Roosevelt were fighting it out, Lawrence Tibbett thrilled the student, faculty, and townspeople audience with his well-known golden voice. In their colorful costumes of white trimmed with gold, members of the White Hussars entertained at a convocation on March 11,1937. Sliecial lighting and scenery effects helped to create a vivid background. So from convocations presented everywhere from Jefferson High School, Fowler Hall, Opera House, Memorial Gymnasium, we have progressed to the present outstanding performances given ip the world’s largest music hall. However, this brief survey may serve to confirm the belief that the University has consistently tried to bring to the campus leaders in their fields.
Smith Discusses ASCAPBMI Feud For IMusic Fans Editor Of Esquire, Coronet Presents History Of Struggle To Audience Of 600 By Ernest Nordlinger “It was seven months ago, when the broadcasting networks refused to sit at the conference table with ASCAP, that this great discord began,” stated Carleton Smith, music editor of Esquire and Coronet, last night-at a special forum in Fowler Hall before nearly 600 enthusiastic popular music lovers. This lecture sponsored by Tau Kappa Alpha, WBAA and the campus musical organizations was to enlighten the students on the music conti‘oversy between the Broadcast Music Inc (BMI) and the American Society of Composers, Authors, and Publishers
(ASCAP).
During the early twenties, Mr.
Smith found the first information Northwestern Tickets
about ASCAP. Sousa, VictorHubert were the original founders. They had gone into a restaurant and the entire musical program was composed of their music for which they were not receiving a penny. They brought the case before the Supreme Court and -the plea of the restaurant proprietors, “that the money was for the food while the music was actually annoying the
guests,” was denied.
Then began the long trail for recognition. The creators must be paid for their works. The silent movie theaters with their 100 piece orchestra were successfully approached. Then came the first radio station KDKA. The broadcasters attempted to prove to the Senate investigating committee that it was not music that was being heard in the loudspeakers but “electric energizing waves.” Again the com-
posers were successful.
Carleton Smith made a thorough stqdy for his magazine about A S CAP. This organization is a mutual agreement between the creators and the users of music. The composers are given as big a percentage as possible and.successful young composers are encouraged to join the organization. ASCAP has been licensing radio stations to use their music. During a survey last year they found that the majority of stations were connected with a national network, therefore the musicians were going to license the
source.
This is where the discord entered. The networks had never paid for the music they were using and did not intend to pay. Before even listening to ASCAP’s proposal, the broadcasters formed BMI. They formed a pool of the old songs and opened the path to unknown song
writers.
A considerable time was devoted to questions in which students and faculty tried to stump Mr. Smith. Romeiser To Lecture On Porcelain Industry E. G. Romeiser, field engineer of the Porcelain Insulated Wiring Systems, will present a motion picture in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering Building today at 4 o’clock. The manufaeijuring and testing of electrical porcelain will be shown at the program arranged by the student branch of the AIEE. Construction of many of the numerous porcelain products necessary to the electrical industry will be described by the film. The manufacture of insulators for high voltage transmission lines will be one 0^ the processes described by the
picture.
This meeting of the AIEE is the beginning of the chapter’s activities for the second semester. Senior electrical ragineers are urged tp join the AIEE before March 1. After this date, seniors wishing to join must pay the fees for the national Chapter, r.h. Prof.O.G.Uoyd ... head of the farm management department will address the regional meeting of the Farm Security Administration today in Indianap-
olis.
Juniors may present their passports at the Fieldhouse today for reserved seats at the Northwestern game, according to C. S. Doan, ticket manager. Sophomores can get their tickets Thursday, and freshmen will be able to get theirs Friday. All tickets remaining after Friday evening will be placed on sale for the general public at 8 o’clock Saturday morning. Producer Wells Announces Cast For Union Show Producer Willis Wells has announced the entire cast for the new Union show. Harem Scarem, which will be presented as a part of the first Mid-term Polks’ Day, March 16, in the Music Hall. The new show will be somewhat similar in style to “Everything But Onions” presented last semester. The dast includes: Principals — Richard A. Lynch, George A. Corbus, Donald R. Dickson, Joseph F. Neff, William P. Leinweber, William Turner, Morgan Miers, Robert C. White, George J. Prey, Nancy G. Knotts, Harry W. Kellar, Norman W. Merrick, John DeYoung, Jean Skinner, Lloyd W. Myers, Robert P. Stambaugh, Donald E. Brinkerhoff, and Robert F. Thompson. Dancing choruses—Doris Stroble, Ruth Holden, LaVerne Bans, Ellen Bassett, Mary C. Antenen, Virginia Vestal, Dorothy Canfield, Barbara Lupton, Betty Craig, Marguerite Hans, B. Paetz, G. Kalbfleisch, Carol Bals, Janet Glatz, Anne Anderson, Maren Chestnut, D. MacMillan, C. McCombs, R. Rupkey. H. Bollwinkle, and Nelda Byrum. Tickets for thq show are fifteen cents and are on sale at the West Desk of the Union or may be obtained from any Union Sophomore.
Charles Snyder Speaks At Hoof-Horn Banquet The banquet of “the Knighting of Sir Loin” was held last night in room 363 of the Union. This banquet, given by the Hoof and Horn Club was in commemoration of an ancient ceremony originated by King Charles on February 18, 1676. During the course of the banquet a pageant was given by members of the Hoof and Horn Club, in which the loin of beef was knighted. The speaker of the evening, Charles E. Snyder of the Chicago Daily Drovers Journal, was introduced by Prof. King of the Animal Husbandry department. s.e.c. Sophomores ... may still purchase their tickets today for the Cotillion. The tickets are two dollars each and may be obtained at the University Cashier’s office upon presentation cd passport identification. The remaining tickets will be placed upon general sale to the student body tomorrow.
Bill Munday To Play For Co-ed Dance Pan'Hel Council Plans Annual Formal; Tickofs On Sale At Sororities Continuing their invasion of the North which has carried them to some of the brighter spots in midwestern night life, the Bin Monday’s Southern Gentlemen will bring their popular orchestm to the Union Friday evening to play for the Women’s Pan-Hellenic dance. The annual dance will be held in the North ballroom, sponsored by the Pan-Hellenic Council. Formal dress will be in .onktr with dancing from 9 til 12. Attendance will again be subject to feminine whim as co-eds choose their escorts for the evening imder the “coed bid” procedure. One of the few purely co-opera-tive orchestras to attain any degree of success, the Southern Gentlemen have been becoming increasingly popular in the three years that they have been organized. Starting in South Carolina, th^ had their first success in hotels in Charlotte and Durham, North Carolina. Since moving into Ohio, they are more and more in denfand by the dancing public as they have completed successive engag^ements at Niagara Falls, Pittsburgh, Cleveland, Omaha and Chicago. Bill Munday who hails from Mississippi keeps busy as director of the band, saxaphonist, and principal vocalist. As a matter of fact, the only subversive force in the ranks is a lone Northerner from Iowa, Bobby Jones, who handles the ballad singing, and who finds himself surrounded with lads from South Carolina, Georgia, and Texas. Versatility is the keynote of this organization, as the band is made up of only thirteen men. They boast five solo vocalists, a featured electric guitarist, and a trio. Bill Munday does the swing singing, Bobby Jones the crooning, and together with violinist Brady Mullins they make up the “Three Colonels,” featured trio. Cliff Hudson, well known solo guitarist plays a tailor-made instrument with a double neck, and does some singing on the side. With a repertoire to suit every taste, the musical specialties of the Southern Gentlemen include concert music, popular dance times, and sweet swing and musical novelties. Tickets for the affair are available at $1.60 to sorority women onty at their respective houses. r.Lh. Call Out For Freshmen To Fill Vacancies On Co-ed Debating Team L. S. Winch, coach of the co-ed debate team, announced yesterday that several places are still open on the co-ed squad, and that all co-eds interested should be at his office in University Hall this afternoon at 4 p. m. No previous experience is required, but co-eds who have done speech and debate work are espec. (ally asked to attend. The subject for debate this yeas’ is: Resolved, that the American press should be regulated by a fed> eral press commission. This subject was chosen by all big ten co-ed teams. The co-eds will have their first “battle of wits” on March. 1 in a roimd robin tournament with Indiana and Illinois which will be held on this campus. On March ft the team will continue debating when the Northwestern co-ed team jhiirneys to this campus, and on Hie following week, a chosen team vriB journey to Iowa to engage in a. debate with the co-ed team thmfep.a.h. Standard Chosen '4f «*42 Sonior Baskolball Manager Charles Standard, member of Phi Kapim Sigma fraternity, baa been n^ed to succeed Sal]^* He<^et» Sigma Phi Epsilon, as senior basketball manager for the 194t-*4a ^ season. Standard is enrolled in the Science school. In Standard fails to r^um^ to school next year, alternate Gerald Hora, Beta Theta Pi, will ffil the position, Rom is a chemical entgineer.
. V J-V ( *
Bi:4a
pjBi/pt2 “ TUAkaA,
WBAAAuditeSdieduled F{|fAf Edits
For 5 PM In Music Hall
Aoditiotts foi^ the WBAA an^ noohcing: n/taff ti^U he held today at 6 o’clock in the atudios in the Music Ball. Ihe tryouts will be for sports aniKntndlBg and general announc* tng. A ttfi iiid«c is the only prerequisite, except for an interest in announditg and radio Work. in.l.b. Or.E.C.Young ... of the farm management depaurtment will address the regular meeiang of the Bfarion county Agricnltttra] Alumni Association today in lAdiaBapolis. BetaSigmaPa . . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of William Peters, Ft. Wayne; Charles Bosma, Indianapolis; and Paul Seehausen, Indianapolis.
Starts TOMORROW
By Gordon Griffin
In an effort to get down to brass tacks instead of brass knuckles, radio has taken up the torch, recently lighted by the U. S., of friendlinees towairf tatin America. Now we hear that Todd Hunter, one of the better kndwn newscaster^ on WBBM’s staff, will interview consular officials of nineteen South and Central American repnblics on a new series. "Latin America Speaks." The show will be aired each Thursday (beginning tomorrow and ending on June 26) at 10:00 p. m. Program No. 1 will be an interview with Acting Consul Juan Carlos Weidemann of the Argentinian Consulate. A1 Stewart directs his Tippecanoe County Chorus tonight in the first concert in a new series featuring rural choruses of America. The program, over CBS, will originate in Indianapolis at 5:30 p. m. —e-e— Everythmg is an “island adven-
NOW SHOWING IT'S A LAUGHI —TW« ifoiy of 9 Mda Yfho wuldn'f (toy mad.
CESAR ROMERO -VIRGINU GILMORE.MILTON BERLE CHARLOTTE GREENWOOD
Directed by UFRED HITCHCOCK
TODAY Only
ON OUR STAGE
Wednesday# Februcoy 19# 1941
PjojuLul ^xpotuinL
Parks Will Speak At YWCA Open Meet “Uses and Advantages of the Puttering Boom” will be the subject of a talk given by Bob Parks for a mass meeting of the YWCA. The meeting will be held in the puttering rCom Thursday at 4 o’clock, and is open to anyone. Members of YWCA may see Betty Woelffle at this time about the purchase of recognition pins. Ulis will be the last meeting befure Coed Capers. j.f*.
ture” lately. First it was the movie “Victory," and now the Campbell playhouse presents John Russell’s island adventure, “Wreck on Deliverance." The play (CBS Friday at 8:3d p. m.) co-stars Jeanette MacDonald and hubby. Gene Raymond. We hear a lot about the Chamber Music Society of Lower Basin Street —«ee Newsweek of Feb. 17—and now word comes that they caused the Winchell-Bernie feud to feud anew. Winchell sent a congratulatory anniversary message to the group during his own program, tickled to death that he had scored a “beat" against Bernie. The latter retorted that he also liked the pro-
ARC
—LAST TIMES TODAY-
.AND —
ALSO
'GREEN ARCHER' First Episode — THURS.-FRI.-SAT.— BILLY THE KID IN TEXAS GIRLS OF THE ROAD WINNERS OF THE WEST FIRST RUN NEWS
%)eiu^
*^lwinelle c/frefch
"TWINETTE STRETCH” by VENUS gives you the fashionable figure comfortably The Lastex panel which extends most of the way up the back stretches up and down The side panels and back waistline stretch sideways. $3.50 We Are Agents in This Territory
THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622-626 Main St. Lafayette, Ind.
The ^th Column A peek at the map shows that Greece is not far from Bulgaria. And little Adolph seems pretty serious about damping 600,000 sightseers, clad in field gray, in or about the vicinity of Bulgaria. To extend the sphere of dormkn culture into the Baltks. And improve the methods Of commifnicati^rn between Berlin and Athens. So that each and every individual Greek can hear. Misier’e Voieo." « * « It appears also that Turkey has no great objection to sightseers. As lolg as they stay in Bulgaria. At any rate they have agreed to keep their two million bayonets busy playing mumbly peg in thefr own feac^ yard. For awhile. They must play different rules over there. In the American game* you gotta stick the knife in the other guy’s territory first and start slicing. Or he slices you. And maybe Bulgaria does have bum roads. Poland wasn’t exactly a network of concrete either. * * Speaking of armies reminds us of our own. With its physical examinations. Quite a few of the boys don’t make the grade on account of Hbum eye Sight. But they needn’t be too discouraged. If the army won’t take ’em and industry doesn’t want them. They can always pick up a little cash. Refereeing basketball games. * ♦ # At Purdue. ♦ >(« Piggy will swear all those guys are blind as bats.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered «s eceond elaas matter at the poet «SHot hi Xeifajrette, Indiana, under the aet of Consreaa af Mareh S, 1879. and at tha apeeial rate of pestace ptovldad for h| •e^on 1108, aet of Oetober 8.1917, autboriacd Jlammtr SO. 1922. Publfahed daily eaaept Mondi^ dnriac thS teculitt acadamie year and weekly dnrinc the SnniiMir Bdwleni, Delivered loealiy hr carrier for 18.00 per year, amit anb•eriptlon $8.60 Kditoiwiii.ailef --Jh 1
FeMkiriee Staff
Newa Bdlter„
*. Magae
Rdlter,..,, ■■■,, ■ „
Ateoefete Iratota: N. A. OehUtrce, i. A. Turmi, Rnffner, E. M. Skalwrap, 3. L. TltweiSI.
Bmhmi SUt§
LteU AdvecthlBc Manaaara: 0. ■. Powvn, flk A f andara; Promotion Mnnascr, 0. P. PnnateniMmt Aoaannte Manacer. B. 3. Shadford; CireufatttwaMiinKar. S. £
Iteektettwald. Ce-ed Staff
AtetMMte"idHm riii^'Kay" Mlfler. Bntli %»(** iImm
Sperft Staff
naitw..... ■ , j St P. tMaa Aviate NRoiai A #" AdateaoS, P. 0. Menwn, tL O.
Bwahn,
Pheiiaat iditarial 4005; BwIeaSa Stiff
Sports 2792
Etpreaeated, for national adverthing by Mattanal AdStertee* Inc., CoUeM Pnblhbem EapatemiMitlvei, 420 Madiada Avc.. New Tortc. tf. Y, Staff For Thta Imw Night Editor: Rom ^ leene Bditer: dark Night Bporta Editor: Sweito StaS: R. HnmrickboMe. W. G Botkina. 11. 3. ItoX, P A. Howard. R. L Hadley, J. R. Lepman. B. M. Swa^te, J. p Smith. B, W. Nordlinger, M L Laaey, 3. Ranmdell, h M Stettenbenx, M. L Hyde. A. R. Woraley, 3. f, Amo4
And the crowd seems to think they call some pretty raw ones too. Maybe they do. We miss some ourselves.—dkh
gram, “especially because its music IS so fine and simple that everyone can understand it—even Winchell,"
Notices
WAA Tumbling practices on Tuesday, February 19 Thursday February 20, at 4 p m in basement of the Women s Gym —BRITTON Reamer Club: There is an important meeting Wednesday February 19 at 7 16 p m in room 304 of the Union —BOHLIN AWS Executive Board Regular meeting Wednesday February 19, at 7 30 in the AWS office —ZWIERLEIN
Horticnltaral Society: There will be a meeting and election of officers on Wednesday, February 19, at 7*30 in room 117 of the Horticulture Building. Refreshments will be served following the meeting —RBSNER Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Thursday, February 20, at 7 80 p m in room 212 of the Union instead of Tuesday, February 18 —YATES.
the production of plays in nearby communities should turn their appllcations in to the Flayshop secretary in Fowler Hall —CARMICHAEL
Christian Student PeUowMilp: Meeting Thursday, February 20, 7 80 p. m in room 807 of Union —LONG
PIA Members: Your attendance is required at the mass meeting Thursday, February 20, at 4 16 p m in rooms 866 363 of the Union The purpose of the meeting 19- to vote on proposed revision of the constitution —MUSSBR
WSSF Houses Committee: Important meeting Friday, February 21, at 4 15 p m in room 212 of Union Bring details of plans for reaching your groups. —BAUMGARTNER
SCA There will be a meeting open to all CO op students in room 363 of the Union Wednesday February 19 at 7 30 p m —LUMPLIN
Independent Staff: Regular meeting Wednesday February 19, at 7 18 p m in the PIA office —SELKOWITZ AIEE. Porcelain products movie Wednesday, February 19 at 4 p m in room 264 of the Electrical Enginering building —WISE
PIA Men’s Chorus: Regular rehearsal Thursday, February 20, 7 39 p m in PIA office Everybody be there —SMULEVITZ
Track Queen Committee: Meet Wednesday, February 19, 7 p m. la Student Senate office —LAYSON
Newman Club Meeting of the contact committee Thursday February 20 at 4 p m in the Union —McCONAHAY
Students and Staff Persons not receiving their copy of the Fall or Winter Scrivener, please drop card to the Scrivener office in Union -ALEXANDER ASME: Joint meeting with ASCE Thurs day February 20, at 7 30 p m in lecture room of EE building Movies and lecture on failure of Tacoma bridge —PEPPLER
Pi Tau Sigma Actives: Bowling session Wednesday, February 19, at 7 p m in Union alleys —^WIST
Sophomore Debris Salesmen • Meeting on Wednesday, February 19, in Debris office —LANCET Modern Dance Club: Rehearsal Wednesday February 19, and Friday, February 21 at 4 p m All new girls are welcome. —SWOPE Intramural Ward Managers. Meeting of all ward managers in Room 306 of Union Building Wednesday February 19, at 7 p m —SCOTT All Students. Eligible for holding an NYA job and interested in assisting or directing
Classified Ads
VItt BAUI Typewriters and adding maehiaes, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All nmkes of portable typewriters, $29.78 to $69.60. Office suppllm MimemEraph and multlgraph work. 0. F. EbenboC <98 Main St. Phone, 2779. For Sale: The World Book Bncyclopedia, 1931 Edition, 13 volumes Good as new Wilt sell for $16 Phone 46111.
FOR RENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Caro for all occasions Min. $2JW all ni«d>t. Phone 2407. Lost: AXP Fraternity pm, Friday night Reward Call 6089.
Lost 1 grey suit coat, 1 eoltege algebra, and 1 black billfoald Will owner please call 31341
LUMA LAST DAY — 2 HITS!
LEW AYRES RARRYMORE latalaa DAY
■ ALSO —
Will BE SERVil Thurs. - Fri. - Sat.—2 Hits!
ao M.o-M rittvrt
JOHN VIRGINIA SHEITON • GREY
ALSO*
THREE MESQUITEERS
PIONEERS'
WEDNESDAY DOLLAR DAY ONLY! Irregulars of the Famous
SINGLE UNIT eermo. NYLON STOCKINGS Proportioned to Pit Your Legs Not just Nylon stockings but Sheermode Nylon stockings featuring the popular glove fit heel and single unit construction. Buy them with confidence, buy them in proportioned lengths to fit you perfectly.
DOWNSTAIRS HOSIERY SHOPu
j
fijuAdtuL £xfu)mnL
Wednesday. February 19. 1941
fiamuL 3 *
Benna Boxers Scrap In Tourney Finals Tonight
Af/ne Riveters Fight For Top Honors In "Night Of Champions"
By JOE DOI^AN
He who fights fi&d^rans away, Lives to fight another day; That is, doing it the Joe Benna way. The above paradox on the medieval theory on conquest isn’t just Hie ikroper Way to express the technique that has been displayed by the Purdue boxing team dozing the last four weeks as it has battled nine of its members to the finals of the Lafayette Ck^lden Glove tournament to be held this evening, but it does depict the Benna coached pugilist’s polished footwork omnipotence—^they hit, jump away—^then hit again. The points
pile up for Purdue.
Thtee itosons ago Joe Benna came to Purdue and entered school in preparation for a life in the coaching world, especially the fisticuff sport. During his freshman year, Joe, • winner of the Chicago Golden Gkwe tournament the year before, fought for Purdue and eliminated the great Boilermaker battler Steve Batdiarach in the Dafayette tournament in the Lafayette Armory, the scene of tonight’s fights. At that time Joe weighed 160 and today he BtiU tips the scales at 160 displaying remarkable physical con-
dition.
Joe’s First Coaching Last season during his sophomore year, Joe decided to retire from Golden Glove competition partly due to the longing to coach the art and partly because local rules barred a former two time champion from entering the local gloves, this stipulation being added to foster strictly amateur boxing in Lafayette. Last season’s Purdue team won two championships, Jim Welsch the heavyweight, and Jack Threlfall 126 pound class. More Than Two? But this year the story is different, because Joe places nine men in the ring tonight for the semi-finals and finals. Before this season, the most ever to perform for Purdue was four men during the last night
of fighting. Behind these nine boys stand a diligent three months period of specialized training based on Benna’s experience with the tournament and his never tiring re-
search in human psychology. Jack (of-all-trades) Threlfall Defending a title tonight will be
Jack Threlfall, a 135 pounder of both brain and steel-like brawn. Jack, a mechanical engineer junior, has never failed to make distinguished while a student here for the past five semesters. Besides training for the Gloves, Jack gets up every morning at 6 a. m. to deliver the Exponent on his route. Jack also holds down a three day-a-week afternoon job in a Lafayette
plumbing supply company.
Pyle Is Back
Close to Jack’s ability is the dif-ficult-to-hit John Pyle, fighting in his third tournament. John is in Jack’s division, and the two are expected to meet in the finals. John is one of these fellows who places his head and chin on a hod-carrier (or near facsimile) and when you go to hit said chin, you must pass a couple of right and lefts, which aren’t the worst in counter-punch-
ing.
Short Punch’n’ Punchie Another Purdue boxer, scheduled to win or come close to winning a
lUCIEN LIIONG'S PERFUMED SOAP
IN A
special selling!
As advertised In LIFE Magazine
four bars... regularly $2... now
I
Lucien I.elong’8 wonderful soap —wait till you SEE it—is usually priced at $2. Now it’s $1 for 4 bars—-if you hurryl Floral firagrances: Sweet Pea, lilac, Honeysuckle, Carnation, Gardenia, i,andRoBeGeranium.
• OX OP POUR S Boxe$ $2.75
I
T^Pr^lTT-'P^Q JLnl iKabiJLJI4tli
518 Main St.
Phone 5036
Homer Allen . . . defeated Chief Clevett in a semi-final mateh of the all-campus squash tourney yesterday, advancing into the finals which will be played next week. The other semifinal mateh between Dutch Fehring and Larry LaBree will be staged today.
title is 157 pound Jim Beers. Beers is a veteran and co-captain of the Purdue team, Threlfell, the other leader, and has fought in five toiurnamOnts. Last year Beers was defeated in the finals after breaking everything but his opponent’s spirit. “Punchie” has that shuffling footwork and hard-hitting short punches but he lacks a reach, and some of these 147 pounders have a reach that plays a tatoo on a chin from a semester away. Beers will probably meet a shifty negro boxer, Clyde Hall, also a champion, from Crawfordsville. Meet the Others Other Purdue men who have won in the present tournament but who are seeing action for the first year are: 118 pound Robert Phillips, 136 pound Bill McClure (he’s tough, too), Rollo Boughan at 147; Hack Payne at 160, Don Daly at 176, and 800 oz. Barry French at heavyweight.
Purple Hosb To Matmen In Return Meet Saturday; Big Card Looms Ahead Coach Claude Reeck’s grapplers will fulfill a return'match as they go into action at the new Northwestern gymnasium Saturday at 2:30 o’clock. The Boilermakers are expecting to defeat the Wildcats by a more inglorious score than the ^-11 whipping handed out in the Riveter Fieldhouse last Saturday. Losses in the 155 and 176 classes are expected to be converted into Boilermaker points as Britt and Eviston take over their former positions. The forfeit in the 128 pound class last week was caused by Siekman, handicapped by rib injuries, who, it is hoped, will recover in time for the meet. Three Meets Beset by a heavy schedule, the Riveters will return immediately in preparation for invading the Illini mats at Champaign on Monday. Then the Boilermakers travel to Bloomington Wednesday for their second match of the week. A last opportunity for Boilermaker fans to see their team in action in a dual match this year will occur at the Fieldhouse Saturday, March 1, when Wisconsin’s Badgers will attempt an upset, r.l.m.
Deluxe Shampoo and Finger Wave..50c
Permanent Waves $2.50 to $7.50
CO-ED OEiEOTV SUOII
Phone 3718 210 N. 6th St.
“Yes Sir, the Food at the CHESTNUT ROOM compares with my MOM’S Cooking.”
Fine Delicious Foods ... Seasoned to Perfection . . . Tender Meats and Fresh Vegetables* — Just the Place to Bring Your Folks to Dine The Chestnut Room JhsL fiwvdjusL TnsufrufuxxL Unlmc The Comer of the Campus’^ Yet the Center of Ardivities
\ U Sends Entry For 'Tea' Meet; Thinlies Oppose Hawkeyes, Cats At Iowa Friday Entering' a large field of 22 men, I U Trade Chaeh Bajea is the first mentor to submit his entry for the Xhg Ten. Indoor Meet held here the week-end of March 7 and 8. When Riveter Coach Herman Phillips received the naiiMS of the Hooshst standard bearers, he predicted a victoxy for the Bloomingteai lads in the coming meet.
Captain Ed Eligible Ed Holderman, slender captain and outstanding among the country’s milers and two-milers, has been declared eligible. Two other men, pol^ vaulter Red Carter and
440 man Smith will probabfy remove tiielr -scholastic defldeneSes by the end of the week. Expefrimenta with maroon sawiContinued on page 4)
DRESS UP YOUR OFFICE — MAKE IT MODERN —
WITH ART METAL STEEL OFFICE EQUIPMENT EFFICIENT, ECONOMICAL, ENDURING HAYWOOD'S "Everything for the Office" 5th and Ferry Streets Lafayette, Ind.
A- •
Tastes gooil...costs little and swell tun to chew--that’s DOUBLEMIMT BUM Yes, chewing events ne ^quBLEMINTS real-mtnt studying. DOUB^^ tnsie and helpe flavor lefaesh^ y ^ enjoying sweoton Jailv helps brigldn*r tM^Kind to yonr budgA yoai t^th. So drop «n ^ mint gum today.
' 'i,Vf'
fiaqs ^ -£diJtA
Wednesday* February 19, 1941
fijuxdwL £xfwnanL
Student Group PItins Trip To Bloomington The University is considering the approval of a trip by a group of students to Indiana University to inspect the new theatre there, and attend one of a series of programs planned the week.of March 21 to 26. The scheduled programs are: March 18-21, Jordan River Revue; March 22, Dr. Jessup of the Car-
negie Foundation; March 23, The Bishop of Washington National Cathedral (with the University Symphony and Glee Club); March 24, The Lunts in “There Shall Be No Night”; March 26, Lottie Lehman and Melchior of the Metropolitan Opera Company; March 26, Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra. The students will leave in a bus at 4 o’clock Friday, March 21, and arrive back in Lafayette for Saturday morning classes. Those interested in making the trip should get in touch with Bernice Beisel at Fowler Hall.
H.R. Smalley To Speak Friday At Ceres Club H, R. Smalley will speak to an open meeting of the Ceres Club Friday. Mr. Smalley received his MS at Purdue in 1913 and then was in county agent work in Indiana up to 1920. Since then he has been with the National Fertilizer Company. The winners of the Ceres Essay Contest will receive awards at this meeting, j.r.l.
When ordering from CLARK’S you receive only the best, and for PAN HELLENIC BALL the best of corsages is none to good for the girl-friend. Either phone or stop in and let our experienced designers and stylists arrange a charming corsage from fresh, beautiful flowers; a corsage that will delight both you and your date.
^IoaIlL SkofL
527 Main Street
Phone 8451
IU Sends Entry... (Continued from page 3) dust, which will cover the Fieldhouse floor for the conference meet, were carried on yesterday afternoon, and in contrast to the white lines on the dash and hurdle lanes should make an attractive i^etting. Iowa Corn Providing a full squad leaves for Iowa City tomorrow, Coach Phillips* runners may defeat Iowa and Northwestern in the triangular meet scheduled for the Hawkeye Fieldhouse Friday evening. Some of the Hawk luminaries are Ken Steinbeck in the pole vault; Hank Vollenweider in the hurdles; the two jumping Henry’s, Clay and Wilkerson, in the broad jump; and Art Schlander, capable dash man. Ralph and Walt Todd really have a brother act in the 440 yard run, for in the recent run against Chicago, they finished in a dead heat for first place. Leading the Northwestern crew is flashy Myron Piker, who ran the 60 yard dash in :6.2 seconds indoors last year. That mark is only onetenth of a second slower than the conference record set by Jesse Owens of Ohio State in 1936. Thistleweight in the pole vault; Finch and Holyath in the hurdles and a dusky skinned high jumper named Smith are the other standouts for the Purple Wildcats. o.t.c. IM Schedules BASKETBALL Wednesday. February 19 Court 1: John Papurca 7 '00 Theta Tau vs Alpha Tau Omega 7 :15 Sigma Chi vs Kappa Delta Kho 8'00 Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 8 8:1.5 Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 9 Court 2: Eugene Stockdell 7 :00 Kappa Sigma vs Tau Epsilon Phi 7:16 Phi Delta Theta vs Alpha Chi Rho 8:00 Cary Hall 3 vs Cary Hall 10 8:15 Cary Hall 4 vs Cary Hall 11 Court 3: C. H. Rechenbach 7 ‘00 Delta Chi vs Lambda Chi Alpha 7 .15 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Delta Tau Delta 8 -00 Cary Hall 5 vs Cary Hall 12 8.15 Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 18
• W B. McAdams Sigma Pi vs Phi Kappa Tau Alpha Gamma Rho vs Pi Kappa Alpha Cary Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 14 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Phi Kappa Psi
Court 4 7:00 7- 15 8- 00 8:15
PUT I. E. S. BETTER SIGHT LAMPS IN YOUR HOMEI
There it nothing like an evening at home — hours of real relaxation for the whole family. And here it it made perfect by a cheery living room with several of die right kind of lamps, righdy placed. No one bulb room here, no crowding about a tingle lamp with the straining of precious eyesight. Give your living room die home-like touch of many lamps and, far more important the safety and protecdon of adequRto li^t. 1. B. S. Better Sight Lamps will do just diat for you. LotA for that protective tag
— it means diat diese lamps have passed these three tests set by die Illuminating Engineering Society — shade checked and certified for sight-saving lighting as well as sturdiness; reflector checked and certified for specified lighting results; base or standard guaranteed to give satisfactory, safe service. Don't go hit and miss on your lighting — there i» a real science to it and we’ll be g^d to advise with you at any tune. Drop in and see us.
PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF INDIANA
House Biin776
House Bill 1776, or Mr. Roosevelt’s Lend-Lease Aid-ta-Brit-ain Bill, or the Chicago Tribune’s Dictatorship Bill, or the Chicago Daily News’ Anti-Hitler Bill obviously mean different things as their titles indicate in spite of the fact that they all contain exactly the same words, arranged in exactly the same order. Opponents and proponents of the bill have all now fastened themselves at some particular spot in the storm of words, mostly meaningless, and show no indication to modify their stand in the face of any argument or concession. It thus follows that in spite of any effect on the destiny of the nation, the fate of the bill will be determined almost solely on personal and political issues. The opponents of the bill include, of course, a small collection of intelligent persons whose arguments are valid in that these persons are intellectual defeatists, or fascists, many of the fanatical variety. These people believe that fascism owns the future, or that there is no point in resisting the inevitable. Such persons are numerically negligible, however, and by far the toughest opposition comes from a combination of professional haters of the administration and pussyfoot liberals who are afraid of power concentrated with anyone but themselves. It has always been a common failing of liberals to be unable to take strong action. The principal effect of the bill when passed will be to crystalize the existing powers of the President and obliviate the necessity of legal haggling and legislative inertia. Termed in the broad phrase “an act to promote the defense of the United States,” the bill gives the President power to “sell, transfer, lease, lend, or otherwise dispose of” any article that can possibly be construed as contributing toward defense. This, of course, includes everything except human beings, who apparently will have to wait for a later bill. The bill further enables the President to authorize the head of any agency of the government to manufacture any article of defense for this or any other country the President may designate, to “test, inspect, prove, repair, outfit, recondition, or to otherwise place in good working order” any defense article of any government the President may desi^ate, and to give any country the plans and military secrets of the United States. It is clear from these provisions that the responsibility for entire foreign policy of the government is placed with the President. The Senate and House will have in effect underwritten any course of action the President may choose. The bill almost entirely applies to foreign policy only, however. It does not increase the President’s present domestic powers. These domestic powers have already been established by previous acts of Congress, many dating back to World War I. The bill provides a direct, aboveboard method of quickly rendering aid to Britain, no matter how her position may change with the hours. Since it is a fact that the Axis states will have several "times the shipbuilding facilities of the “democracies,” there is no reason that a two-ocean or ten-ocean navy will for very long be any help to the United States. Not even the wildest isolationist can state that there is any compatibility between our capitalist democracy and the anti-humanist, state despotism of fascism. To those who argue that Bill 1776 may mean a domestic dictatorship, the answer is that the power to rescind the President’s lend-lease authority still rests with the people. Effective dedense of freedom was never made by passive good will. Democratic ideas may by their own force be mightier than the sword in the long run, but in the long run we are all dead.—J. L. T. ’42.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic OR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK •4th & Main St». Phona 5710
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
• Locksmith
Complete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
Keys and Locks Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latOTes and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
Complete Line of Greeting Cards University Book Storo M. C. "Red"* Sammons '29 R. W,."Doc" Eppla *40
• Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Ice and Coal
• Hardware
GOOD COAL GOOD SERVICE FAIR PRICES LAFAYETTE ICE & COAL CO. PHONE 5078
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices . 822 Main St. Phone 2777
‘P t*.
fi