©he Puriiut 'axpanint
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE/INPIAN^, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 6, 1987
HUMBEIt n geSBiHjlHHBMIgr
Senate Legalizes Open Campaign Activities For All Campus Elections Petition Fees Under New Regulation Will Cover All Freshman Election Expenses Open campaigning in future campus elections was legalized by the Student Senate after a 90 minute discussion in the Memorial Union Building last night. The newly approved regulations provide for a small petition fee to be paid to the Senate at the time of declaration of candidacy and also a limited ex-
penditure by each candidate.
Program Will Pay Tribute To Mrs. Meredith Members Of Many Organizations To Speak In Praise Of Her Work A special tribute to the late Mrs. Virginia C. Meredith, first and only woman thus far to serve on the Board of Trustees of the University, will be paid next Tuesday afternoon, January 12, when special memorial exercises will be held at the University in connection with the Annual Agricultural Conference. Speakers representing many organizations with which Mrs. Meredith was affiliated will pay a tribute to her work which covered more than half a century. She was frequently called “the most remarkable woman in Indiana.”
Speakers
Mrs. Elmer Waters of South Raub will represent the Indiana Home Economics Association of which Mrs. Meredith was one of the organizers and past president. Mrs. George W. Jaqua of Winchester^ first vice-president of the Indiana Federation of Clubs will rep! resent that organization of which Mrs. Meredith was honorary president and also one of the organizers. David E. Ross, President of the (Continued on page 2)
January 6, 1937 NOW that everyone has greeted his friends with the usual “did you have a nice Christmas ?” things are beginning to settle down to the serious business of finishing up the semester... on top. —30*—FROM the Patterson (N. J.) News comes a bit of humor concerning governmental policies . . . “The modem method: Robbing Peter to pay Paul, and then taxing Paul in order to put Peter on relief.” —30— HOORAY! Our Student Senate met Tuesday night . . . argued an hour and a half . . . and emerged with something real, tangible, and worthwhile to record on its books . . . open campaigning. The action taken by the Senate is progressive, although the result can hardly be called “open” campaigning ... it sounds more like “regulated” campaigning. —30— HIDVEG, Czechoslovakia* holds the record for being the world’s worst town because 282 of its 300 inhabitants are under jail sentence. It seems that an airplane recently landed in Hungary, just across the border. Officials, unable to prevent the villagers from rushing across to see the plane, arrested them as they attempted to return home. Each person was sentenced to three days in jail for crossing the border without a permit. The local jail wasn’t large enough to hold all of the “convicts,” consequently they were forced to serve their sentences in batches of 30. —30— ARRESTED by police recently, a young man was carrying a revolver, 18 cartridges, a knife, brass knuckles, and a pair of dark glasses . . . evidently he plans to run for some campus office this spring,
The petition fee, the amount of which is to be decided by the Senate elections committee this week, will be spent by the Senate for standard posters, giving each candidate an equal amount of publicity, which will be posted at various strategic points on the campus. Campaign Expenses No other campaign expenses can be allowed to freshmen in their approaching election of representatives to the Senate, but several senators declared themselves in favor of permitting the expenditure of a sum, to be determined by the Senate, for Prom and other elections, with perhaps a scaling of expenses according to the desirability of the office. This money must be turned over to the Senate, and publicity of the candidates’ own choice will be bought for him by that organization. This plan was. presented in the form of a motion by R. W. Loehr, senior mechanical, after the presentation of the possibilities in open campaigning by R. J. Craig, chairman of the elections committee, and after a long discussion in which several other motions were defeated. Freshman elections to the Senate will probably be held next week, Craig announced last night. The date will be announced later this week.
Stock Breeders To Receive Medals At the annual banquet of the Indiana Livestock Breeders’ Association which will be held next Wednesday, January 13, during the annual agricultural conference at the University, a total of 419 gold, silver and bronze medals will be given to Indianans outstanding livestock raisers. The largest number of awards will be made in the Gold Medal Colt Club with medals being given to the owners of qualified colts which showed a gain of 650 pounds in a year’s time. Medals will also be awarded in the Ton Litter Club, the Gold Medal Sheep Club, and the 1,000 Pound Calf Club. Awards to all winners in the various club contests, which are conducted under the direction of the animal husbandry division of the University agricultimal extension department, are offered by the Indiana Livestock Breeders’ Association.
Are You Taste Blind? T^sts Give Women Edge Boston, Mass.—(ACP)—^If your food doesn’t taste the way you think it should, don’t blame it entirely on the cooking. You may be “taste-blind.” In a survey conducted by William C. Boyd and Lyle G. Boyd of Boston University School of Medicine, it was found that Welshmen are more frequently “taste-blind” than men of other nationalities. Welsh women have taste that is only a slight bit more sensitive than that of their brothers. The doctors made the tests with a complex organic substance known as phenyl-thiocnrbamide, which is exceedingly bitter to those who have a normal taste. If the eater doesn’t make a wry face, he is definitely “taste-blind.”
Harold H. Isbell, former production manager of the Columbia Radio Broadcasting system, is directing a course in radio technique, both acting and writing, at Northwestern University.
Famous Musician ^s A id Tells Exponent Reporter Details Of Long Concert Tour
By Elizabeth Pyke “Albert Spalding and Harold Bauer do not travel together; for a few concerts they meet on their respective tours,” Arthcr Portune, of Baldwin Piano Company, infoirmed the Exponent reporter in a whisper. Behind stage Portune spoke softly as the two artists held the audience’s close attention at the convocation last night. “Bauer and I have been traveling since the first of October from the west coast eastward. I arrange for the proper piano and Bauer’s special collapsible chair. The man who turned the leaves of the music was a student of the University,” Portune spoke softly as he listened to the classical music. Harold Bauer was bom and raised in London, England. When traveling around the world, he decided to live in the United States
on Manhattan Island. 63 Years Old At sixty-three years of age Bauer renders three or four concerts a week. For Christmas he was in New York City, where he played last Sunday. From here he is going to St. Mary’s and then to Michigan State College in East Lansing. In Los Angeles Bauer played as a guest artist on the ICraft Music Hall with Bing Crosby and the comedian. Bob Bums, who Commented on the huge size of mosquitoes in Arkansas. After seven curtain calls the tired musicians returned backstage to be accosted by autograph seekers. During the confusion the reporter asked Saplding who his favorite composers were. He replied obligingly that he could not say since he appreciated Bach, Mozart, Beethoven, and Brahms equally.
Elliott To Speak On Purdue Housing Project President Edward C. Elliott of the University left yesterday for Lexington, Kentucky, where he is scheduled to speak tonight on the Purdue Housing Research Project before a conference being held at the University of Kentucky by the Federal Housing Administration of Kentucky.
Tickets For Both Indiana Games Sold Basketball Fans Rate Purdue High; Michigan Game Up Saturday That Purdue is rated high in Big Ten basketball circles is shown by the large number of ticket sales thus far. The Illinois game here and both Indiana games are completely sold out, according to C. S. Doan, manager of ticket sales. Only a few tickets for the remaining games are available, and those who want tickets should purchase them as soon as possible. There are still seats left for the Michigan game which is to be played at the Jefferson high school gymnasium in Lafayette next Saturday night. Other games for which there are tickets are the Minnesota game on February 20, and both Iowa games the first of which is next Monday night and the other is on Febmary 13.
Agronomy Students ToHear Corn Expert J. F. Trost, United States Department of Agriculture corn expert, will speak before a meeting of the agronomy specialists 'this afternoon at 4:15 in Agricultural Hall. Trost will talk on the “Commercial Aspect of the Com Breeding Program in Indiana.” The committee in charge of the program is G. M. Funk, J. B. Ellmaker, and E. H. Kellogg.
Beg Your Pardon
By the Roving Reporter John C. Ohaver, senior science student and member of Beta Theta Pi fraternity, yesterday told the newshawks that reports of his engagement to Miss Dorothy Nichols, a senior co-ed at the University of Kentucky^ were false. Ohaver told reporters that he had merely planted his fraternity pin on the young lady in question. “It didn’t signify an engagement and approaching marriage,” he explained. “It was merely a token of sincere affection.” When asked why he had passed out cigars after the event, Ohaver stated that he had just been giving away some of his excess Christmas presents.
2,000 Hear Musicians Albert Spalding, Harold Bauer Appear In Joint Recital By K. A. Barnette Seven curtain calls and an encore was the manner in which an enthusiastic University audience of 2,000 received Albert Spalding, accompanied by Harold Bauer, in a Sonata Recital in the Memorial Gymnasium last night. Playing a program of compositions by Mozart, Brahms, and Beethoven, the artists graciously acknowledged the applause. Included in the) program were Sonata in D Minor, Opus 108 by Brahms; Sonata in B Plat by Mozart; and Sonata in A, Opus 47 by Beethoven. For his encore the noted American violinist played the last movement of a Sonata in G Minor, Opus 30 by Beethoven. Watches Flying Bow Except in the rapid movements of the compositions, Spalding, seldom glancing at his music, intently watched his nimble fingers and his flying bow. Throughout the program Bauer, whom Henry T. Finck, a famous American critic, called a “tonal architect,” displayed his talents in accompanying the famed violinist. Following the recital a reception, sponsored by the Student Union, was held in the main lounge of the Memorial Union Building. ,
Women Are Safer Drivers^ Says Prof New York, N.Y.—(AGP)—Women drivers, long thought to be inferior to men drivers do not cause the most automobile accidents. Statistics cited by Prof. William Junkin Cox of Yale University go to show that women jdrivers are involved in only 6 per cent of the highway accidents. “But it is not while driving from either the back seat or the front seat of the car that women can exert the greatest influence on the highway,” Prof. Cox declared. “If accidents are to be reduced, it will be accomplished through women. Men have had the problem for 30 years and have done little about it. “Development of public opinion toward an observance of law with a view to decreasing automobile accidents is definitely a work for women. We all know that there are about 40,000 deaths annually from auto accidents, while 1,250, 000 persons are injured from the same cause. “Strict impartial and certain enforcement of law is is one thing needed and largely lacking to reduce highway hazards. Public op inion for such enforcement can be women’s contribution.”
Five pairs of stained glass windows representing, faith, hope, charity, justice, and wisdbm will he installed this month in the Heinz Memorial chapel at the University of Pittsburgh.
Satisfactory Rating Given 8 Honoraries In Exponent Investigation 20 Other Organizations Listed As Unsatisfae^ toryRatings Are Open To Revision Eight of the 28 student honorary organizations under investigation have been declared “satisfactory,” according to the ratings published for the first time in this morning’s Ex-
ponent.
The ratings are the result of an attempt by the Exponent to
eliminate useless honoraries
useless
and encourage the reduction of honorary fees, as expressed in this paper’s platform. The ratings were made by members of the staff on the basis of cost and worth of the respective groups,
Revision
The ratings will be open for revision at all times. Upon presentation of sufficient evidence to the editor of the Exponent, changes in the ratings of the individual organizations will be made.
Class A—Satisfactory Alpha Phi Omega Ceres Gimlet Club Kappa Delta Pi Reamer Club Sigma Delta Chi Skull and Crescent Tau Beta Pi Class B—Unsatisfactory Alpha Lambda Delta Alpha Zeta Catalyst Chi Epsilon Delta Rho Kappa Dolphin Eta Kappa Nu Gold Peppers Hoof and Horn Kappa Psi Mortar Board Omicront^Nu Phi Lambda Upsilon Pi Tan Sigma Scabbard and Blade Sigma Delta Psi Sportswomen Tau Kappa Alpha Theta Alpha Phi Xi Sigma Pi.
The above ratings were compiled on the basis of information obtained from several sources. Organizations not mentioned were not considered as honoraries as the term is ordinarily defined. The list, as printed above will be re-published from time to time to keep the question fresh in the minds of the student body.
R. E. Insley RI Wilk Flu R. E. Insley, 521 Waldron street, freshman engineering btudent, is sick with the flu at his residence. He has been confined to bed since Sunday.
Sno-Shu’s Shuffle Along Ammerman Will Flay For Newman Dance Have you heard ? The 1937 dance season will get under way Friday night, January 8, with an informal Sno-Shu-Shuffle to be given by the Newman Club. Johnny Ammerman and his band will provide the music from 9-12 o’clock as the dancers break through the winter atmosphere with the weather man promising an ideal setting. If the old weather mouse can be relied on the idea may become a reality, if not, a gay, young couple on snow shoes in the background decoration of the ballroom wiU have to carry out the theme. Tickets are priced at one dollar per couple and they may be secured at the Union desk.
Beeson WiU Speak To Ags Ceres, Agricultural honorary, is sponsoring an open meeting for all Agricultural students tomorrow at 7 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. Keller Beeson of the Extension Department will give the main address of the evening while Mr. E. Miller, a senior in the Agronomy School, will report on the International Livestock Exposition which was held recently in Chicago. G. W. Freemeyer, president of Ceres announced today that the Ceres Essay contest will dose on January 12 and all essays must be handed in by that time.
Alcoholic Names Found In NU Roster Evanston, HI.—(ACP)—Some of the imusual names of Northwe^ ern university students tend to Ito alcoholic. There are a couple of Beers, a Booz, a Beerman, a Brewer, a Bender, and a Bock-not to mention six Steins. Some of the non-alcoholic names are: Pond, Pool, Brook, Lake and Rainwater. An oddity-hunter might raise his eyebrows when he learns that there is a sophomore who is a Frosh, a lawyer who is a Heckler, and two dentists named Toothaker and Jirka. Other surnames tended to become nautical and horsical: Sailor and Seaman and Steed, Stirrup and Saddle. A few other combinations deserve mention, Frizzell and Pry, Creed and Motto, and Finger and Bone. Contrary to tradition, Smiths did not lead other names in representation. The Johnsons were first with Millers and Smiths following up in tha|: order.
Large Glider Put To Test Ship Credited WithTwo National Records Members of the University Glider Club have recently overhauled a four place glider, the only one in the country, which they acquired last fall. This glider holds two national records, one for carrying a load of 1,300 pounds, the other for ’stasring in the air longer thaw any other with more than two passmigers. First flown at the University during the Christmas vacation, the glider is now being flown satisfactorily at altitudes of 500 to ffiXl feet.
Cold As Blazes I^T^py Umi Sxponwt Wwtbw Xvm
Swimming Team Participates In Practice Meet Purdue’s swimming team toolc a^ vantage of Florida’s snshine during the Christmas vacation and bad strenuous workouts at Fort erdale, Florida. Many other coUegS teams were also there to take part in a coaches’ conference. On the last day of the conference, a practice swimming meet was held between the East and Waai. Fnri* due, Michigan, and OMo made up the Western team while New Yotk U., Brown, and Columlda represented the EUsG There ftie no meety scheduled tor the Gold and Black awimmera aft«s^ uud-semester, but turn GiUh on some reallF exciting exIdIdtIiNie
A1$ \
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Open Campaigning The Student Senate took the first step toward the inauguration of open campaigning on the campus when it gave freshman Senate candidates permission to campaign “openly,” without spending rtioney m any way they desire. While this may seem a futile gesture, it is reallv intended as a trial of the proposed plan and more freedom will be given future campaigners if the trial proves successful. This IS the first real step forward the present Senate has taken, and it is to be hoped ffiat the Senate will gain momentum and become a live, powerful body before the year is through. Until the day that the Senate has conclusively piro\ed that it has been thoroughly rejuvenated, the first plank in our platform will remain as at present. Honorary Ratings In accordance with the promise made some time ago, the Exponent this morning is publishing its rating of the many “honorary” fraternities with which the campus is saturated. Class A honoraries are those which apparently are satisfactory; class B consists of those of whose continuance seems of doubtful merit. ^ In making up the ratings, four sources of information were used; the Exponent questionnaire, the reports of the auditor of student organizations, the report made in 1935 by the committee on student honorary organizations, and observations of the activities of the various organizations as recorded in our files While these sources are generally considered to be reliable, changing conditions may necessitate revision of the ratings in the future. It is for this reason that the ratings are being held open for such revision at all times. The basis used consisted, in the main, of two parts • cost and value Some groups with rather high fees will be noticed in Class A, due to their worthy programs and achievements Others with extremely low fees will be found in class B because they have been judged practically worthless. Several organizations were so close to the borderline that their placement was doubtful, but it is hoped that the ratings are at least substantially correct. There has been no aftempt to list the organizations in any order other than alphabetical. I would like to thank the presidents of Alpha Phi Omega, Xi Sigma Pi, Chi Epsilon, Ceres, Kappa Delta Pi, Alpha Lambda Delta, and the Reamer Club for their cooperation in returning the questionnaires. It seems a sad commentary that officials of other organizations were apparently so ashamed of their affiliations that they failed to respond.
Legislative Bills Of Student Interest Student interest will focus on various bills as Congress and the state legislature assemble at their respective capitols this week. Indiana’s biennial appropriations bill will be introduced in the general assembly Thursday. This bill is being written by the budget committee with the guidance of requests from 18 institutions and four state schools totaling almost 29 million dollars. The committee, which during the past few weeks has sent members to the institutions for investigations of their needs, will slash the requests, and a further trimming will probably be made by the legislature, Purdue’s request for 1937-1938 amounts to $ttrl)iue (Exponent Fonndci in 188S I
N?6 Member * 1937 FUsocioied GoUediate Pk«ss Distributors of Cbtte6iai&Di6e$! REPRCSENTCD FOR NATIONAL AOVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Pmblltkers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York. N Y. CHICAQO . BOSTON ■ SAN FRANCISCO Los ANOELBS • PORTLAND > SEATTLE
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by maU, $8.50 per year: delivered by carrier, $2 60 per year: sold by single copy, 2 cents. MAIN 0FFICB~812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 5087 Daily Student Publication of Pnrdne University EDITORIAL STAFF jMHwWln^aitof W. T. Hunt
E. H. Morris
A. Barnette, 3. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler „ W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, 3. A. Chapin, 3. R. Clark, L. S Hardin, A B. Keller, E. H. Kellogg, K. E O’Neil, C D^ Schroeder, H L Stanback, D. R. Vance
Sophomore Assistants
Editor..............—» Associate Editors Advertising Manager
WOMENS STAFF ~ ^„ Helen Creech Jeanne Janousek, Doris McCartney, Eliabeth Fyke ~ ~ Betty Barnett
„ . BUSINESS STAFF Business Manager , . R J, Hulse National Advertising Manager „ . L H. Brown Advertisinghtonager. „ „ D.C.Miller Circulation Manager „ j. p, Girard SPORTS STAFF Editor..— . . „ L. D. Wood Afsodato Editors .V. E. Plfleld, S. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain
$2,605,154, while $2,577,12? iE a^keil for 19381939, as wmpared to an allowance of $1,450,000 for 1935-1936." In addition to genel’al expem^iss the University is asking funds for the restora tion of salaries and wages to the 1932 stand mg and building appropriation including $175,000 for the construction of a horticultural building during the next two years; $1W,000 for the first unit of a new chemical engineer ing building for the first year and the same amount for another unit for the succeeding year; $200,000 for Michael Golden Shops; and $375,000 toward construction of a new physics building. At the national capitol, there are prospects that an eleventh cabinet office will be created to coordinate the various social welfare functions now handled by separate agencies. This new Department of Public Welfare would supervise the National Youth Administration, that is now assisting 140,000 young men and women at more than 1,600 colleges and universities. There is no definite assurance of the continuance of the NYA, as its future depends on Congressional appropriations at this session, but indications are that there will be no changes •at the present, and that if the new welfare department IS created. Federal aid to college students may be established as a relatively permanent function. This new cabinet office would also embrace the Civilian Conservation Corps, which according to reports may be militarized by Con gress, despite objections of a great number of executives connected with the camps. An act of this sort would add 350,000 youths of our own age to the nation’s standing army. —R. P. M,
Reading For Pleasure It has frequently been charged that college students fail to acquire the breadth of culture from their college experience that is so necessary in later life. One of the most important phases in obtaining this cultural background is the “reading habit.” This does not include text book reading but rather reading for general culture and pleasure. The University realized that students were not reading cultural books as they should, so last year a “browsing room” was constructed for the primary purpose of providing a place where students could read books just for the pleasure of reading Results have shown that the “browsing room” idea is a success. Whenever a student has a few hours off from his classes he can go to the Browsing Room and spend the time reading any book that he cares to. There are times, however, when a student would like to read and the Browsing Room is not immediately available. A typical example is late in the evening when a student finds that he has finished his class preparations and desires to spend a little time reading a novel, or another type of book that he might be inter ested in. Another time when many people have a desire to read is following the evening meal before the time has arrived to study class preparations. At such a time the Browsing Room is too far from the place he is staying so he does without reading. The University of Oregon, which also possesses a “browsing room,” inaugurated a sys tern of book lending a little over a year ago whereby the student can read whenever he has the urge to do so. The plan as carried out at Oregon is simply this; a new collection of 500 books was purchased by the University for the sole purpose of lending to fraternities, sororities and dormitories. The books were new, recent and attractive, and no textbooks or books that were required reading were included. The books were loaned to the fraternities for a pe riod of a month and could be renewed if not urgently demanaed somewhere else. The fraternities and dormitories were expected to place some responsible person in charge of the books to safeguard them and provide shelving and facilities for circulation. Books were not forced on houses but rather the house librarian had his choice of the collection, provided it was not in demand somewhere else. The success of the plan is shown by the number of houses that have taken advantage of the opportunity. When the plan was first in operation only a half dozen of the forty-five eligible groups came and asked for books. At the beginning of the second year, however, more than three-fourths of them were asking for books and the number was steadily increasing. If the plan worked at Oregon there is no reason to believe that it wouldn’t work here. The number of people in the Browsing Room every day shows that students are interested in reading good books if they are available. Neither would the cost be large. At Oregon the average cost per book was not far over a dollar in a collection of 500 books. Such a plan if put into practice here would do much toward furthering the purpose of the Browsing Room; that is, the development of the reading habit among students.—C. D. S.
Exponent Platform
iMiie Editor—J. B. Clark
1. Reform the Student Senate. 2. Establish merit systems for campus activity elections. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 4. Permit open campaigning in aU popular elections. 5. Abolish useless hnnoraries and reduce honorary fees.
Live and learn, folka—evcsd. yoUr best friends will cut your throat— the editor and managing editor of this here rag are at the present enjoying themselves at the expense of yours truly—^not that ye ed can’t take it, but don’t believe everything that appears on the front page or other columns of said college sheet . . . SX BILL McNAUGHTON is rumored very strongly infatuated by a home town lassy—BILL did not return m time to miss the $6 penalty day fee Monday and the main and only reason was said girl friend —about half the co-ed population IS carrying the torch for their love —Theta DOBSON, Alpha Chi SPRING, LOUISE SMITH, and last but not least Alpha Chi pledge BETTY EVANS, who was hoping to wear his cross but he foiled her and left it in Detroit . . . are the most prominent of such . . . Kappa Kappa in the brook Polish up your line and hook Angle for an ATO Whether he is fast or slow Catch him when he comes along This advice won’t send you wrong! —XX. The most recent proof of the Kappa line taking effect upon an ATO—BOWMAN’S pin is cruising around on JEANNE HARKER— just another pin excursion . . . STATEMENT: “REX SHIELDS, Beta Theta Pi romeo, is the campus line thrower outer,” says ALICE PARLON— (Ed’s note) ALICE has never listened to the Bull she throws . . . TO THE CO-EDS: “Alone, at home, for 2 weeks has surely given you time to develop a new “sucker bait” to use on the eds. Where we are concerned the fishing season ended Sunday and does not reopen ’till spring vacation.” PERRY, MURRAY, & HUNT 4Ed’s Blab) Yes and No, mostly NO . . . Yesterday was an off day for E. P. OWEN, hut even in his pickle he could almost answer all questipus fired at him by DeVries—^too bad he lost sight of everything because he was just about to have a very enjoyable time with Chem. assistant FORTUNE “I plank ’em out” ED JANUSZ of the ATO sucker grroup took a certain Kappa to their Christmas dance just before the vacation had started^—^ED decided that some other egg’s date looked better to him so he monopolized this damsel to the extent of her TAKING his pm away from him—he has it back now—he claims . . . Any old pomes, doit, or bottles today, lady??—I have a couple of mighty fine MARS PASSES I’d like to give away . . .
A skunk which had made its den in a dram pipe of Piske Hall on the campus of Wichita University vigorously aired its protest at being forcibly removed. The janitor rejoices that the drain-pipe is outside of the bmlding.
FAMILY
FINAL TODAY
Double Feature
Robert Taylor Barbara Stanwyck in “HIS BROTHER’S WIFE” and Ricardo Cortez in “POSTAL INSPECTOR”
STARTING TOMORROW Gene Autry in “RIDE, RANGER, RIDE” — and — Dick Purcell In “KING OF HOCKEY”
Wednesday, Jattuary 6,1987
GRIN ^ND BEAR IT
By Liclity
“Doc, this may hurt a little—can’t pay you this month.”
Tribute To Mrs. Meredith (Continued from page 1)
Purdue Board of Trustees will talk m behalf of that Board on which Mrs. Meredith had served for fifteen years. State Senator Albert Ferris of Milton will speak in behalf of the Farmers’ Institute Staff for which Mrs. Meredith first appeared on a lecture platform, bethe first woman in the United States to speak on Agricultural subjects. Miss Lillian Murphy of South Bend, a University senior Will speak on behalf of the Virginia C. Meredith Club and Miss Mary Tyler of Elkhart, a senior will speak m behalf of Gmicron Nu, honorary home economics society of which Mrs. Meredith was a member. Pres. Edward C. Elliott will preside and the entire program will be broadcast over WBAA starting at 1:15 and continuing until 2:30 p. m. It will ta k epehbebt m. It will take the place of the general session program which is held every afternoon in Eliza\ Fowler Hall. A special Invitation is extended to all conference visitors to attend, but the broadcast has been arranged for the thousands-of admirers of the beloved leader who cannot gam admittance to the Hall.
ARC LAST TIMES TODAY
and Fred Scott in “Romance Rides the Range” — also — BETTY BOOP CARTOON
LUMA ALL WEEK THE MELODY-PACKED WONDER SHO^ OF ALL TIME1< Stars I Girls I ^ Cole Porter hit tunes! It has EVERYTHINQI
VHieiNIA BRUCE
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT?
LAST TIMES TODAY
SHE WROTE A'SENSAIIONAE NOte;::jrHEN TiRl&D-TOtflVE UP lOSTT!
Plus — Cartoon in Color
I MelviiniDtlUGLfcS I Thomas MITCHELL I Thun^;to;h HALL I Rosalind KEITH ilh. Columhid Picture ' .
STARTING TOMORROW Peter Lorre “CRACK-LIP”
FINAL TODAY James Cagney in “GREAT GUY”
Starts Tomorrow 2 Bier Features
HIS lOWDOWN ON HI-DE-HO IS THE HOTTEST THING IN RAblO!
Plus Second Feature ROniUONE ta tlw shudaw of th* lftW..bMWUS« ■ii* knew too muoh about tho enroota tho not in o aight-howkoafo.
■, -f. vv'„ Also — Major RowesP Amateur Parade■■' r
ft-
•fpl"
pl^pyJPiirdue Sqti^^shTeam Three Faculty, Seven Ysafsity Matehes Billed'
I'he Gold and Mack squash teUm will meetxthe Indianapolis Athletic Club here this Saturday at 2:30 p. m. in the second home meet of the season. A ten-man squad will represent the visitors, three' of whom will play matches with fac
ulty members while the remaining seven vdll meet the varsity. Trip Profitable The eastern trip .the team took during the holidays was very satisfactory, according to Coach Clevett. Although the squad only won one of its meets, it made a much better showing than last year. The schedule included meets with Pensylyania, Princeton, Harvard and Yale, the last -three of which are the top ranking teams in the country. The Boilermakers beat Harvard, 3-2, and were beaten by Pennsylvariia, 3-2; Yale, 6-0; and by Princeton, 3-2. While on the road the squad witnessed the eastern intercollegiate semi-finals and finals
tournament.
The next meet will be with Illinois at Urbana on January 16.
Greeks To Clash In Ping Pong Tourney
Any fraternity that has not officially entered the ping-pong tourney may do so by having a three man team report at the tables on the gymnasium floor at 4 o’clock today. This change has been made because only 12 fraternities officially entered ^e contest. , Scoring will be by individuals and not by teams. The individual winners will receive medals and a cup will be awarded the fraternity whose member wins first place.
«DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. 6. REISNER \
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. BISK DB. HABOLD J. BISK DR. ROBERT 6. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER’S Friday, Jan. 15th, 6:30 P.M. INTERMEDIATE Wed., Jan. 13th, 9:00 P. M. ADVANCED Thurs., Jan. 14th, 6:30 P.M. PHONE 2150
ALLEN’S
Ferry
leiaer 8.... ....ehoice >-iBy Bob Walpole
And Jewell Young was hottdr than a fox on Monday night . . . here’s his record of shots attempted aS' cempared with these made^ii ;'. during the first kalf he sank five out of 10 ... in the second stanza he'dropped in six of his 11 tries ... making a percentage of 52 per cent which is not ajt all bad . . —fc— Compared to this, the whole team dropped in 15 in 60 tries, for a, net of 30 per cent, so it is quite evident that the remaining six players pulled the average down considerably . . . here are their scores . . . Sines hit two in eight. . . Seward none in none . . . Malaska one in nine . .. Downey zero in one . . 1 Anderson one in 11, and Dickinson zero in one . . . —fc— Now for the Badgers ... in the first 20 minutes of play they scored five in 21 attempts, and in the second only 4 in 22 . . . their percentage for the evening was 20.9, which really isn’t so good ... if they had been hitting, the score might have been quite different.. —fc— Remember Red LambertST Purdue’s regular back guard last year ... his basketball days aren’t over yet ... he is playing with the Kautsky'A. C.’s, professional hardwood five . . . Johnny Wooden and Bpb Kessler, both All-American basketball mtn from the Boilermaker campus, are also playing with this outfit . . . —fc— Basketball fans who drop in to see the Michigan game on Saturday night will see one of the tallest centers in the game . . . Michigan’s Johnny Gee, who is reputed to stand six feet, nine inches tall . he didn’t look that big either here or at Ann Arbor last year, but perhaps he has grown a bit since last season . . .
4- > ^
4- -f 4-
4- 4- 4- 4* 4BASKETBALL 4- 4- 4- 4- 4-
4- 4- ♦
4-4-4-
TODAY Court 1—Official, Brinson. 7:00—Ward 12x vs. Ward 17a. 7:16—^Kappa Delta Rho vs. Phi Kappa Psi: ‘ 8:26—^Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 8:40—Kappa Sigma vs. Alpha Tau Omega. Court 2—Official, McDonald. 7:00—^Ward 1 vs. Ward 17x. 7:16—Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Delta Upsilon. 8:25—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. 8:40—Phi Delta Theta vs. Theta Xi. Court 3—Official, Abell 7:00-Ward 14 vs. Ward 10. 7:16—^Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon. 8:26—Delta Tau Delta vs. Theta Tau. I 8:40—Sigma Nu vs. Phi Kappa.
4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-SQUASH 4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-4-'f
TODAY 4:16—Alpha Tau Omega (A) vs. Phi Kappa Psi (A) or Sigma Alpha Mu (A). 6:00—Phi Kappa Tau (B) vs. Sigma Chi (B) or Phi Delta Theta (B). 6:46—^H. Puente vs. S. Girard. 6:30—G. Tafel vs. G. Alexander. 7:00—J. Haiges vs. J. Heilman. 7!46—H. Lownie vs. S. Scully.
Don’t Shout
Let^s go over and enjoy ourselves while we talk if over at the
FOWLER
The Place Where Friends Meet"
FOWLER HOTEL
J. TOWNSEND MICHIGAN-FORWARD ’‘Little John” the other tall member of the Michigan net squad is well known to Indiana basketball fans who remember him several years back as one of the outstanding centers in Indiana, when he played with Tech of Indianapolis. Last year Townsend was one of the high scorers in the Big Ten and was the only sophomore to make the all-Conference team that year.
GEE MICHIGAN-GENTER
‘‘Big John” gets his name honestly because he is the tallest member of the Michigan net squad this season and is six feet nine inches talk John is the captain and the only senior member on the first five. Gee is a familiar figure to Purdue fans who remember the giant when he visited Purdue as a member of the Michigan baseball squad.
Inter-Ward Swim Blanks Issued
Entrance blanks for the interward swim to be held the afternoon of January 12, were issued to all wards today by the intramural office. Competition will be held in the following events; 100 yard free style, 100 yard breast stroke, 40 yard free style, 100 yard back stroke, 160 yard relay, fancy diving, and 200 yard free style. One man can enter three of the events. Coach L. W. LaBree, varsity swimming coach, has offered to give training instruction to any team members who would care to report to him between four and five o’clock any afternoon from now until the meet. Medals will be issued as usual to the winners of the different events.
Orchesis--Genera] meetingr at 7:30 p. m January 6. in Women’s Gym. —PRENTICE.
.. ®* F* —Senior members of execu. ^ ^ard meet in office 7:15 p. m.. ^mu-
—COPELAND.
Salesmen-—Important meeting in office at 4 p. m. January G. —VAN NATTA.
umportai^ mee January 6, at 4:30 m. in the ofBpe.
-parkison.
Independents—Important meeting of aU managem of activities January 6, at 8:^ P. m. in' P. I. A. office. —WHITE.
Glider aab--Meeting at 7:16 p. m. on jfenuary 6. in Room B of the Union Build"
—ONEAL.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. G. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Good Printing—^Painless prices. Fast service. Near as your phone. Call 6206. We deliver. Kane’s Print S|[op, 401 S. i29th street.
For Sale—Alto saxophone almost new. Cook. Phone 31792.
Found—^Wrist watch in Union Building on night of Rassle. Call Frank Fox. 4005. '
This Week’s Special—Maple Nut and New iTork. Chamberlin Ice Cream Co. Phone 3024. m
STUDENTS WANTED—to do calculations. See Mr. Lutz Room 134 Electrical Building Wednesday 4 p. m. Bring slide rules.
NOTICES N. neticM aco^ftwl mtor • p. m.
Fraternity Presidentflf Cocuicil—Meeting January 7 at 6 p. m. at the Pi Kappa Phi house. —KETTLE. Fraternity Presidenta—Please turn cards in to me guaranteeing purchase bf tickets to InterwFraternity Ball immediately. ' —WiUMTKR.
Alpha Mii Omega—Very important meet< ing January 6, at 7:30 p. m. in fOom D of the Memorial Union. —KUECK.
Y. W. C. A«—All those taking part' in the YWCA broadcast report to YWCA office January 6 at 4:00 p. m. —WIEN.
P. I. Ay—Monday dance class will' be held January 6 at 7 p. m. in the Union ballroom. Meet in that place. —BUTCHEN,
Y. W. C. A. Cabinet—^Meeting at 4 p. m. January 6 at the YWCA office; -JONES.
University Orchestra—^Rehearsal chan^ied to' next Tuesday, January 12. —PHILLIPS.
Independent Staff—Important meeting January 6 at 7:80, p. m. in the P. I. A. office. —COX*
W. A. A. Volleyball—These games will be played January 18, as follows; Kappas vs. Ward 4 at 4 p. m. in large gym. Bronx vs. Ward 1 at 4 p. m. in small gym. Thetas vs. Gables ip large gym pt 4:80 p. m. Chi O vs. Ward 8 in small gym at 4:80. —THATCHER.
Deck Tennis—These games can he played any time this week but must he played before PViday,' January 8, at 6 p, m. Wetael and Bush vs. McKinsey and Stiles; Beko and Beko vs. Greenburg and Cook; Campbell and Van Rle vs. Baxter pud Campbell; Wiley and Dobson vs. Delaplane and Scott: Vandwier and Rlank vs. Auld and Clymer; Fruek and Tugaudls vs. Hibner and Wilson. —RIETH.
‘ Chemistry Students—Examinations for the removal of C grades in Chemistry 1 and 2 'will be given in room 101, Education Building, January 9, 1 to 4 p. m. Those concerned make applications in room 21^0 of qhemistry Building, before January
-HASS. TEST. ALUm.'
Men’s Glee CInb Rehearsal—Meet at 4 p. m. on second floor of Fowler Hall, January 6th. —COMPTON.
Union Workers—^My committee meet in office January 6, at 4 p. m. —PUTZE.
W. A. A. Class Riflery—Freshmen, 7 p. m.; Sophomores, 7:30 p. m.; Juniors, 8 p, m.^ Seniors, 8:80 p. m. See story for names of team members. —RICHEY.
Ceres—Open meeting January 7, at 7 m. in faculty lounge of Memorial Union Building. Every one welcome. —WARREN.
Purdue Engineer—^All freshmen and sophomores who wish to become junior staff members report to the Engineer offlcc at 4 p. m. January 7. \ —EVA^S,
'Where Mr. Purdue Buys His Shoes"
THOM McAN 424 Main Sf. /
SPECIAL! Brazil Block Coal 4.90 in 7'/4 Ton Lots Also Stoker and Egg Coal COLUMBE COAL CO. South St. Phone 7056 We Cater to Fraternities and Sororities
Engineeru-All staff members report January 6,-at 4 p. m. Important work. —GILBERT.
Union Sophomores—Our committees meet in workroom January 6, at 4 p. m. —STALLINGS. PFORZHEIMER. ■ CLAYPOLE, SCATTER0AY.
ScheduletlO’^ Golde]i‘‘Gl0%# I Bouts Tonight
The Memorial G^namtuti wilt be the scene of the fWdne GoMeil Gloves tonraameiit, tomorrow 7:30 p. m. Ten bouts are sebednled and are to proceed in the following order: 147 lb.—^Trcka vs. Forbttrgrer. 147 lb.—Giovanni vs. Pater. 14*? lb.—Bryan vs. Giles. 112 lb.—^Markey vsC Franklin. 118 lb.—Steelman vs. Day. 126 lb.—^Hardesty vs. Mnlbolland. 135 lb.—Case vs, Krashen. 160 lb.—^Bacharach vs. Seifert. 175 lb.—Lyles vs. Burks. Heavyweight—^Record vs. Surface. The winner and runner-up in each weight division will enter the semi-finals in the Lafayette tournament.
W. A. A. Ping Pong—The following games must be played by Friday evening, January 8. Please report scores on chart on bulletin board in Women’s Gym: B. Cook-Sefton; Haeack-Clymer; M. Smith-Berry; Wilking-Wickard: SlinkardRies: Gross-Hinchman; G. Baker-Kusmitz; Boehm-MacDongall; N. Campb^-Demoret; Van Rie-Bouton; J. Campbell-C. Davis; Davis-Timberlake; Jenkins-Halstead; Dele-plane-Wiley; Spicher-Baebig. —MAIER.
Six Hollywood stars are listed on the rolls of Greek letter houses at the University of Illinois. Nancy Carroll and Mae West are members of sororities, and Robert Taylor, Robert Montgomery, William Boyd, and Richard Bennett get get their mail regularly at Illinois fraternities.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
"No, we don't take trade-ins!”
Special Sandwich Menu at Night
Drop In Ai^tim* for Sender
'^OCND the
We know you enjoyed your Vacation, and we want to welcome you back. .Join the crowd by the fireplace for a sandwich, drink, or a complete 3-rourse dinner. You’ll enjoy
It more.
DOWNSTAIRS IN THE
PURDUE MEMORIAL UNION
''I -'J
‘¥%i ' ■ ^ WY'fTHE PURDUE EXPONENT
sesnsttsanacsateMttiattesajsassssssEsssesssssBaan^^
■IIMII^^
CO-ED ^AGE...
J
Page Editors—Beth McCool, Elizabeth Hunter.
Co-ejds Selected For Rifle Class Teams Fifteen Girls To Compose Varsity Team; Will Vie With Other Big Ten Schools For First Time Following the completion of the intramural rifle tourna ment, the class teams have been selected. The girls were se lected on the competitive basis and will participate in an inter-
class meet which will end January 12
The varsity team composed of 10 girls with 5 alternates will
be chosen from the results of the inter-class meet and this team will be announced in the Exponent of Wednesday, January 13. This varsity team will shoot against the University of Michigan during the week ending
January 30.
To Meet Other Teams For the first time Purdue co-eds are competing with the other Big Ten schools. The teams will shooi on regulation ranges with standard
equipment.
The members of the freshman rifle team are: Catherine Davis, Betty Granger, Patricia Henry, Mary Lou Hinchman, Mary McLaughlin, June Prentice, Mary Catherine Schilling, Betty Jane Spillman, Emily Watts, and June Young with Mary Lou Carter, Eugfena Little, and Marion Long as
alternates.
The girls of the sophomore team are Irene Boehm, Florence Caldwell, Doris Christenson, Carolyn Hauk, Marion Jones, Betty McFarland, Helen Muterspaugh, Betty Ossenberg, Marjorie Rogers, and Betty Jo Sexton. The alternates are Elizabeth Maier, Martha Whitcomb, and Ruth Wiley.
Juniors
The Juniors are represented by Betty Best, Marjorie Blalock, Dorothy Bryant, Mary Ellen Delaplane, Marian Groves, Roselyn. Jackson, Mary Knapp, Marcia McKinsey, Maxine Peters, Margaret Richey, with Julia McDermid, Emily Tubbs, and Jeanne Stiles acting as alter-
nates.
The following girls compose the senior team: Ruth Anspach, Georgia Halstead, Virginia McBride, and Louanna Thompson. The schedule for the inter-class tournament will be as follows: Thursday, January 7, at 7 p. m., freshmen vs. sophomores; at 8 p, m., jmidors vfs. seniors; Monday^ January 11, at 7 p. m., freshmen vs, seniors; at 8 p. m., sophomores vs juniors; Tuesday, January 12, at 7 p. m., freshmen vs. juniors; at 8 p. m., sophomores vs. seniors.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPOWENT
Tritons Will
Sponsor Swim Practices To Begin At Once; Final Intramur-
al Meet In February
Any University co-ed is eleigible to enter the intramural swimming meet which will be held February 18, sponsored by the Triton Club Practices for the meet will begin Thursday, January 7. Subsequent practices are planned for January 14, February 4 and 11. Co-eds participating in the meet must have
attended three practices.
Events
The probable program for the first large group competition under the direction of the recently organized Triton Club includes an underwater swim, a relay, some dashes, and strokes for form. The crawl, racing back, side and breast strokes
will be demonstrated.
At present there are tentative plans for Triton and WAA to hold an inter-class contest, and for the groups to enter the Northwestern
telegraphic meet.
Dean Stratton To Speak In South Bend Today Dean Dorothy Stratton wil speak at a meeting of the Rotary Club in South Bend at noon today. Dean Stratton left for South Bend yesterday and will return to Lafay-
ette tonight.
SCHOMER’S Radio Service
218 N. 8th Phone 4958
BRAZIL BLOCK COAL $5.25 Per Ton Delivered
Also Slack and Egg Coal Special Prices on Load Lots
COLUMBE COAL CO. 1712 South St. Phone 7056
WE ARE PLEASED
to
ANNOUNCE
Our removal to the Fowler Hotel. Conveniently located here, we shall continue to serve you with unexcelled quality and efficiency.
Sparrendahl
Fowler Hotel
The Tailor Corner 4th and Ferry Sta.
Sparkman Talks On Frozen Desserts Miss Edna I. Sparkman, director of refrigeration Iiome economics, Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Company, Mansfield, O. IS the guest of the University home economics department. After addressing several classes on refrigeration and the opportunities for girls in equipment work. Miss Sparkman gace a demonstration to the home economics staff on how to make frozen desserts. The director also interviewed students interested in home service
work. Any girls who wish to talk with Miss Sparkman should make appointments at the home economics office today.
Junior Co-ed Personnel Ratings Completed Personality ratings for junior girls have been completed and are now on file in the personnel office. These standings compiled from the reports of five faculty members, five students, and five friends from home may be seen at any time by the co-eds according to an announcement from the office of Dr. Harriett O’Shea, personnel director for women.
WRH Teams Triumph In Two Volleyball Games WRH teams won botl/^of the girls’ intramural volleyball games played yesterday afternoon. Team 2 of the second floor of the Hall won over Ward 3 B 28 to 14. The third floor team defeated Alpha Xi Delta 227 to 23. Ward 2 forfeited their game to Alpha Chi Omega. Four more games of the tournament will be played this afternoon.
Jason Bemie, son of the “old maestro” is a freshman at Rutgers university; he ils pledged to the Phi Epsilon Pi fraternity.
WAA Sponsors Coed Fencing Classes W. A. A. is sponsoring fencing classes at 4:45 every Tuesday and Thursday afternoons for all co-eds interested in the activity. The University is the only school in Indiana to offer fencing to girls and this year’s class is the largest in the history of the University. The department recently purcha^d new foils and gloves in preparation for an individual tournament to be conducted sometime in March. Jim Resmolds, a University graduate, is in charge of the classes and Helen Beko is manager.
Mid-Winter
SPECIAL! WOOL - SILK ROBES 25% Off
SPECIAL! ALL LUGGAGE 20% Off
SPECIAL! DRESS GLOVES Lined or Unlined 20% Off
SPECIAL! DRESS CAPS
81.00 Caps Now
$1.50 Caps Now
....79c $1.15
HATS Selected from the finest manufacturers $2.95 Hats ^2 25 $3.50 Hats Q9 nr now $4.00 Hats eq OC now $6.50 and $7.50 e d QC Hats now W
When Dewenters have a clearance you can be sure that anything you purchase will be of the highest quality. Every item listed in this ad is from our 1937 stock bought from the finest manufacturers in the world and priced for this event at prices that mean real savings.
A Truly GREAT Sale of
SHIRTS
lAll new patterns, styles and sizes. CoUar attached and neckband, plain white, deep tones, jstripes, checks, plaids, patterns and figured shirts. Select From Our Finest Brands
REGULAR
NOW
WHITE SHIRTS n.65 qc Grade $1.50 OC Grade S $1.00
(2 for $3.00)
$1.65 SHIRTS now $1.25 $1.50 SHIRTS now $1.00 No-wilt CoUars, Regular Collars, Wide Spreads, Buttondowns, Slotted Collars, AU Pre-shrunk, All Fast Dyed.
PAJAMAS Our Entire Stock in This Great Event $1.65 grade (P-j or $1.95 grade rr now tj/l'OO $2.50 grade f I Or now yl»03 $3.00 grade (PO ■I r now ^M.IO
SUEDE BLOUSES and WOOL MACKINAWS 20% Off
MEN’S OVERCOATS Every One This Year’s Model—^New Styles 25% Off Original sellers at $19.50, $22.50 and $25.00
SWEATERS
Zipper, slipover,
coat styles.
plein or fancy backs. A large variety to select from.
$1.95 grade now
$1.00
$2.95 grade now
$2.15
$3.50 grade now
$2.55
$3.95 grade now
$2.85
$5.00 grade now -
$3.85
mufflers
SILK or WOOL
$1.00 MnfiFlers....
79c
$1.50 Mufflers ..
$1.15
$1.95 Mufflers ..
$1.55
$2.50 Mufflers ..
. $185
WOOL AND CORD PANTS $3.95 now $2-85 $5.00 now —. $3.95 $5.50 now — $4.25
DEWENTER’S
416 MAIN ST.