k
rrt g/-' ^
. ,,v ;v’r..;^ ‘ 'r^
EOlTORUL €XPLAiNS New Petrillo Ban } On Recordings
Ate'S k^e uEAD In FraffernHy Softball Race
Established 1889
Velttfife 54, No. 32
Com D^tauelers
ftk Prom So On Sale Union Eliminates King, Queen Tickets for the Summer Prom, to be l^eld Friday from 0 until 2 a. m., will be on sale today, tomorrow and Friday from 4 to 6:30 at a booth in front of the Sweet Shop and will be sold at the door Friday evening. Union officials have specified that the price has been set at $2 including tax, with the stipulation that no refunds will be made on tickets bought in advance. Decorations for the dance will carry out a modernistic theme with a back drop of pastel colors. The word “prom” will be in the center of the back drop, lighted from behind. No King and Queen Union officials have decided to cancel any further voting for a Prom King and Queen because of the slight interest shown. The dance will last from 9 to 2, and coed hours have been set at 3 a. m. Music for the dance will be furnished by A1 Donahue and his “Low Down Ehythms”. Donahue graduated at the same time from the New England Conservatory of Music and the Boston College of Law. He got his start in an orchestra which he organized to play in a New England summer resort and after graduation from the two colleges worked in a law office during the day and played in a jazz band at night. After a summer engagement in New England, A1 played a stand at the exclusive Hollywood Beach Hotel in Florida and from there went to Detroit to become maestro at the Fisher Theatre there. His next job was to supply orchestras for all the ships of the Furness-Bermuda Line, and at one time he had 37 dance bands playing on ships in the Caribbean Sea and in Latin hotels. It was at one of these South American hotels that he 'met the socially prominent Frederike Gallatin, whom he later ' married. The band, which features vocalists Snooky Lanson and Jean Gordon, will come to the campus from a week’s engagement a't the Oiientdl Thfektre in'ChicagcT and Will go from here to the Castle Farms in Cincinnati, Ohio. Student War Council To Sponsor Annual if/' t ^ ' ■ Summer Song Test Annual summer Song fest, which Wjll be sponsored and arranged by the Student War Council, will be held in the Music Hall, August 1, at 8 p. m. The theme of the program will be “This is My Country,” and the Glee Club, under A1 Stewart’s direction, will preside. Plans are being made to have slides with the words to many popular songs, so that these ^words may be flashed on the screen and the audiejice may join in a community sing. The songs will be of many different varieties, Stewart leading the singing. Services Held l^or It. Billings Memdrial services for Lieut. William Beeker Billings, ’38, USNR, who was killed in an airplane accident in the Pacific on July 2, were held last Wednesday at the University Presbyterian Church. Dr. Victor L. Albjerg, of the University history department, spoke and Mrs. George Monroe, chaplain of the University Navy Mothers’ Club, I'fiad the naval memorial service. Lieut. Billings was married on April 13 to Miss Margarot McNeeJ^i of Indianapolis. The marriage was announced shortly after the announcement of his promotion to the rank of lieutenant.
12
Credit For Work Workers To Register By Tomorrow Since there is a shortage of corn de-tasselers this summer, the Physical Education Department will give students who sign up to w^rk in the fields credit in PEM 12 in' an effort to have students help eliminate the lack of workers. The program has been set up on a day basis so that the student will receive credit only for the classes he has on the day that he works, wkether the classes amount to one, two, or three hours. Hours Kep| On File The student need not fill out any credit slip in order to be given credit for the class missed. The hours that he works will be kept on file, and the Physical Education Department will be notified of the individual’s activity. The pay will" be a base rate of 40 cents an hour, and transportation will be furnished. Applications may be filed in the Executive Building not later than tomorrow. Workers Replace Present Soldiers Students who put in time in the fields de-tasseling corn will be helping out by replacing men who have gone into the armed services of the United States. Industrial Protection School Will Meet Here Thursday Session To Include Mock Bombing Industrial protection ,officers' of Indiana manufacturing'^ plants will meet on the campus next Thursday and Friday for a two day school, according to Capt. Kenneth E. Kline of the University Plant Protection Institute. 126 officers aie expected to attend. ^ "Popics which will be discussed include war traffic control and conservation, searches of individuals and areas, patrol problems, blackouts and camouflage, war gases, self-defense, methods of fingerprinting and preservation of evi'dence, bombing effects on buildings and personnel, incendiary exercises and demonstrations. Will Bomb Skeleton Village One of the features of the school will be the bombing of the “skeleton” village immediately north of the Ross-Ade Stadium, which will be staged Friday night for the benefit of both the plant protection men and those who will be here at the same time for the fifth Civilian Defense Protection School, conducted by the Chemical Warfare Service of the War Department.
America (Editor’s Note: This is the last of a scries of four aitides on the mobilization of America’s manpower prepared by the OITice of Emergency ManaRcment). It is with manpower as with everything else in this war—materials, machines, weapons, fighting men and fighting ships—if we use all our resources, we shall have enough for victoi'y. But we shall have to use our manpower intelligently, we shall have to stretch it out, we cannot afford to waste any of it in unessential work. Under no circumstances will we have too much. There aie a number of reasons why we have not been getting the full use of our'available manpower —yet. For one thing, the employment of aliens in war work has been limited by misunderstanding of restrictions. Aliens may be employed on any kind of war contract work, except that in secret contract work permission of the Army or Navy must be Secured. In an overwhelming number of cases this permission when asked, has been granted. The problem of Negro and other minority groups which have been discriminated against in the past has been taken up by the Committee on Fair Employment Practice, now a part of the War Manpower Commission. This committee has been instrumental in eliminat-
Itulw T1i« Ruhr 1 Indiana W«s<fawi<lay. July 22, 1942 ^l:E Prospect ^ This fall l" Sisnal Corps y j Indicates Need For Engineers, ^ special Training Average Women's Home EcS In Mloiia/ War Effort Z Index Tops Men's revealed yesterday at a director’s Relative scholarshh) standi On his return tb the campus this weekend. President E. C. Elliott stated that prospects meeting that there is an urgent need . * - L. •« for enrollment of freshihen in the University and in the colleges of the country this fall are for radio enthusiasts to take further mgs of ^ ie8,sOTon es, improving steadily as citizens realize that trained men and women are heeded in successful training to fit them for signal corps residence a s, an onorary the virav meeting, which was held organizations on the campus P ”. ,..iii the Union, was attended by rep- was released bv Universitv of“The great shortage of engineers is a serious matter m industry, and consequently it is a resentatives from 40 cities in the The oil ram. serious matter for the armed forces, too,” stated Elliott during his visit here from Wash- north part of the state. ^ • I t <? t ington, D. C., where he is currently working with the Man-Power Board as head of the divi- McComb, who has been on leave ^ sion dealing with the problems of absence from the University.ior ® ^ ^ I f* f 'Jf of training' technical and pro- T • i the past two years to serve as direc- ^vbrage was 3.93. boronties Cfe Sa Indorses LLnal wkers lor war pur. TippeCBnOe ' *«>• pio. led the Hat rrith an index <rf . gram sponsored by the State Boat'd 4,15^ tOppiftg the unorganized Good Neighbor '“''^ound upon my return to (/SO Drivo ^ Purdue this weekend that tors to “beat the bushes” for radio Sororities // C there has been a substantial ^ rOIICy WT U- O* increase in the number of ap- ^^COeOS S^UOia enthusiasts who are interested standing of 4.27, led the soror- ,. .. ^ should report to their local U. S. ^ j a. n Brazilian Educator County Nets $15,262 Employment Service office for full group and Alpha Gamma said, “and that the freshman ^ x information and assignment for ^ rating of 4.40, topped Inspects Uniyersiyty class this autumn gives prom- To Date; Expects More training. the fraternities. Highest ranking ° ise of being as large as normal -kt ^ ^ , m- Ee also pointed out that approxi- organization on the campus was Dr. Hernane Tavares de Sa, Bra- 01 oeing as large as normal. Near-final returns from the Tip- o r/xa T>prsoTi<? are now tak- Lambda Upsilon, chemistry zilian journalist and educator, who indicates that fathers and pecanoe USO drive, as released at • sunn'leinpntarv nr nre-emnlnv- honorary ,with an average of 5.21. addressed members of the Univer- mothers and young people, too, the “Victory” dinner meeting yes- ^lent training in a^virtually “roun^ Sororities ranked in the followsity agricultural staff attending the have come to recognize the impor- terday noon at Central Presby- xxrJnU innLlc ihir orderregular luncheon in the Union to- 4.27 day, indorsed the Good Neighbor the job, whether with the armed fayette, indicated that the county j welding and riveting Instruc- Alpha €hi Omega 4.17 Policy of the United States. ^rces or m exilian work/’ had exceeded its $14,400 quota be- ^ Kappa Kappa Gamma .4.16 Germany has been skillful and Women Students Expected fore the finish of the drive. t men is :nnancea py rne lea pp ^ successful in her trade relations “We expect a large number of Toh„.„A eral government, is provided by spe- B«ta Phi 4.16 successful in her trade relations students this vear'because Reports cialists drawn from industry. Asa Phi Mu 4.15 with Brazil, he said; because the p-mwinp- .jhni-tao-P Johnston, director of public- new trend, McComb revealed that Chi Omega 4.14 German businessmen have made an ™ ity for the University, and general an increasing number of women. Alpha Xi Delta .1..4.05 effoit to learn the language and cus- narticularlv in nutri- ohairman of the drive, reported last who have been found exceptionally Delta Gamma 4.02 toms of the Brazilian nation, large- > night that the total deposited in a well fitted ^for precision work and Fraternities ly for propaganda purposes. Busi- ^ — bank had reached $16,262.84, and light manufacturing processes, ar^ Ffaternities were rated as folnessmen from the United States According to the reports from between $3,000 and $4,000 now taking the training. lows: have not given enough attention and Home Hospital yesterday eve- expected in the next few The directors from the northern Alpha Gamma Rht).„ 4.40 have not had enough interest in the f president of the-etete spent most of the Triangle •. .,...7. 4138 past in Brazilian people, he added, the Board of -Trustees, is still m ^^y j,„„gj^gj.ing general plans for Phi Delta Theta 4.25 Inspects University Activities a critical condition. assigned specifically to the continued development and pro- Alpha Chi Rho 4.23 Dr.de Sahas spent the past thi CO Ross has been seriously ill University. Final tabulation motion of the War Production Phi Kappa Tan 4.22 days inspecting University activi- since last Thursday and his con- that fraternities, sororities. Training during th^ coming year, Phi Sigma Kappa 4.14 tics. Dr. C. R. Donham, head of the dit.on has remum^ critica for independent groups and other stu- including details of accounting. Alpha Kappa Lambda 4.12 University veteiinary department, the last two days. Although there ^ent organizations had donated a A similar meeting for the direc- Delta Tau Delta .'.4.09 piesided at the luncheon. has been no change in his condi- southern half of the Pi Kappa Phi 4.09 It was announced that the next tion, his temperature is slightly Bloomington Beta Theta Pi 4.04 staff luncheon would be held Sep- lower than it was yesterday. Teamwork tomorrow. Acacia 4.04 tember 28 with the following com thankinir the 500 or more ner Alpha Mu 4.00 mittee m charge: Piof. J. T. Frost, tion and allied lines. It is evident J « P ’ ^ J ^igma Phi Epsilon 3.98 Prof. R. B. Withrow, Miss Virginia that young women must be trained Johnston said “There has c/V/arO JpenOS Phi Gamma Delta .3.97 Lee, and G. W. Sample as chairman, for the places of men as physicists, , ’ . „ “* ’Rota Rio'mn Pai 3 07 , V. icio been a fine manifestation of team- LI I I f| Beta bigma Psi 6m , , - )^«^enologisls and phar- community co-operation.” NaVal LeaVe Here Theta Chi 3.93 I lOIlf Cam Dllaif macists. The young women have pointed out that the entire ef- Sigma Alpha Epsilon..' 3.92 LIGUli Jain KllCy begun to recognize this, too, and we been an exemplification of Commander A. H. (Mai) (See STANDINGS, page iV Killed In Plane Crash ^ ■ to, h... ^appa De/ta w John w. ,sa„, Bile, J., because 0, JaBC, Ann OstrandeT LTa i:rar“; Lrr'j To Meet Tonioht ’ tvas killed in an airplane crash m ^ ^ f 1/ fTIC?CC I WlfUffC the Latin-Amcrican theater of war, rU A A expects to be here at least until according to a telegram received Pi’esident of the Board of Tiustees, (^^OSGII AriRY UllBGIIS FaCUltV LOUnOe Monday evening his parents, Mr. ^>th whom he has worked very HI III J UUVI.Iia completed prelimand Mrs. John W. Riley, 421 Park ^ ^ many jcais. University officials have been ad- inary training ait the U. S. naval Members of Kappa Delta Pi, edAve. r* I (If vised that Jane and Ann Ostrander, academy at Annapolis, and has been ucatjon majors are invited to attend Riley attended the University for ^GO/*CfG 5. JOflGS III University coeds, whose photo- assigned to Lakehurst, New Jersey, a discussion tonight at 7:30 in the two years before enlisting 'on June ^ ^ graphs recently appeared in a na- naval station, the largest lighter- West Faculty Lounge of the Union. 2, 1941. He was a U. S. aiiny air ... of the class of ’46, will enter tional magazine, have been selected than-air flying station on the east Four of the principals and supercorps navigator attached to the West Point Military Academy to- by the U. S. Army anti-tank unit coast. Lieut. Commander Elward intendents now enrolled in the bomber ferry service, Atlantic di- day. He was notified Sunday he had stationed in Alaska as their was a naval officer in the first world workshop for high school principals vision. passed the examination. “queens.” war. will lead the discussion. The subject ^ for the evening will concern the _ _ ' qualifications that a school adminAJ| ■ AlJI *' should look for in selecting Must Mobilize Manpower For WariH^-^ — — " ' ' ' -" — are Paul A. Reftmers, superintening numerous instances of discrim- for skilled manpower—a certain formerly—because we have enough means that farm employers must dent at Lakewood, Ohio; H. L. ination. All discrimination must end amount of unemployment in the wheat now. But tha program for the do what employers in industry must Sbiller, superintendent at Birmingif we are to do the job. ranks of skilled labor. But the rea- concentrated foods, foods rich in do — abandon t h ejij\ prejudices, ham, Michigan; Charles C. McUrged To Hire Older Workers sons for this are obvious and the vitamins and minerals, is tre- Farmers must abandon prej*udice Murty, principal at Kouts, Indiana; The President has urged industry situation temporary. mendous. against employing city folk, and I. R. IVKtchell, principal at Newto hire older workers, especially Priority Unemployment 12 Million Workers Required against employing women and castle. Refreshments will be served veterans of the first World War. This unemployment is what has This means that the summer bar-/youths from high schools and col- “at the meeting. And not on the basis of patriotism, been called “Priority Unemploy- vests will require about 12 million leges. In certain localities they Uif^vnck /iliimni either. “These oldsters should be nrent.” Its peak, the period when workers, some three million of must also abandon prejudice FUfl. AllUlffflf absorbed by war industry,” the bad the greatest number of them “hired hands.” It means that against employing Negroes and'in . ‘ ‘ President said, because “work ex- workers jobless through curtail- these workers and t^^e hands must ^ u^uny places they must raise sub- tfGCt perience, stability, and responsibil- jyjent of peacetime industries or be found despite the fact that many standard wage scales. » ity are assets we cannot afford to shbrtages in critical materials, was of the best and strongest from farm Concentrate on Job at Hand P’tOSttierVt whste in this crisis.” passed in Febi'uary. There is still areas have been drafted and that And so war manpower mobilizaWomeii’s Services Needed a job problem, however, and it is war industry has siphoned off oth- tion for total war on the farm as in Walter Walb, president of the Ft. Increasingly we shall find our- lai gely a problem of ‘arranging ers. the factoi'y means that we must Wayne Alumni Association, was reselves depending upon women to transfers. In Detroit, for example. For some time now the U. S. Ena- concentrate all that we have upon elected to that position at a meeting perfoim these services. Women will the totally converted automobile in- ployment Service, the Department the job at hand. No one in Ameri- of the Alumni Association held July loom larger in the service industries dustry shorGy will require at least of Agriculture and its County War ca is unemployed by definition. The 8 at the Ft. Wayne Chamber of as they already loom large in the 200,000 more workers than during Boards, and the U. S. Office of Edu- man with a single eye is not dis- Commerce. airplane and ammunition industries the peak employment of pre-Pearl cation have been cooperating on abled for most jobs and the man Elmer Burnham, the University’s and in agriculture. We have 13 mil- Harbor days. plans for the coming hal'vest. These with a single leg can produce for head football coach, spoke to the Hon women in American homes Not eveiyone realizes that the plans involve recruiting youths, victory on many jobs. Certainly we alumni,'announcing the full season upon whom to draw for our war production schedules set for 1942 women and other volunteers, and can no longer tolerate artificial dib- "pf ten games, four of which will be industries and for agriculture. Al- farm production are in every way ai ranging for their transportation crimination based on race or creed played in Ross-Ade Stadium. Guy ready a million and a half women comparable to the schedules set for to farm areas and their housing or color background. “Red” Mackey,'^thle^ic director* are working on war jobs. It is ex- our factories this year — com- after they get there. The U. S. Em- Manpower mobilization' involves discussed the Uni'V'crsity and the pocted that two million more will parable to the 60)000 planes, the ployment Service has expanded its many problems, ye‘t nq problem defense pro^raifi* be hired during the rest of this year 46,000 tanks, the 8,000,000 tons of facilities for providing farmers which cannot be solvefi. Manpower The group will meet; again Friand at least two million in 1943. mei'chant shipping and the 20,000 with help and each of its 1600 full- mobilization assumes 'that '^here is day.' Xt this lijleeting Eth Baugh* It is one of the apparent para- sums of the President’s goals. And time offices is being staffed with a for every American a job which he execu'tive secretar^r of the Natidital doxes of conversion under total war these goals are just as definite. We specialist in farm labor. or she can do best, is a program Alumni Association, will report on that we have—in the midst of our are raising, this year, the same Manpower Is Available rooted, like the rationing program, the convention of the general alumthe crops without depleting the amount of rye, of hay and feed We have the manpower to get in in a reliance upon the faith, the in- ni council of th© United States* Th« crying need and increasing demand grains and even less wheat than ranks of war industry but to do this tegrity, and the ability of free men. talk will be preceded by a dUmeyC ) - #Purdue Exponent
■rr* OHieos: Editorial and Businau, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p. m., 5377
EdUnMn-Cliicf Nc'tts editor Mnnitirinfr Editor Sports^ Kmtor Bji vinfR"! Manaffcr Cirruintinn Mnnaircr
John F. Amos Don T.'Brophy John R. Armstrong Robert L. Hadley William D. Millard Ken K. Gjemre Alice Chatfleld
PubiicaHon Staff Associate Editors EditoriiiT Staff: R. W Bc^wlnklc, D. E. Butz, W G. Hoskins, A, P liimUr, D W. Ochiltree, W. E. Rafert. Sports Staff: D E Brewer, J. S. Dawson, B L. Karpick. Coed Staff: Snlly Beall, Charlotte Hass, Jean Lauer, Business Sfaff C icd Bu<;inc6B Manairer: Julia Martin. Ad^ctftrdnsr ManaR^ers: J M. Wright, D. L. Johnson. Cxrculation Manager: G H. Klouman. Arcodnls Manager: Trena Torrenga. Junior Coed Managers: Ellen Clark, JanO Ksim.
Staff For This Itsuo
Niglilj Editor: Rafert Sports Editor; Brewer
Da> Editor: Lnucr
Issue Editor: Marion
Workers Miller, Sutton, Murphy, Vegh, Jordan, Stephenson, Rollins, Ackerman, Scheid.
Entfrrtd as second cla«is matter at the post office in Lafayeltc. Jndiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and rt iht spocial rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act o§ October 3. 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published on 'WtdiHfc.d.iy, Friday and Sunday mornings during the summu semester and daily except Monday during the fall and winter semi'^tcrs. Delivered locally by carrier for $1.25 for slimmer somc'-t'^r; ipailed subscription $1.60. Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Seriitc. Inc,, College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madi bn A\c., New York, N. Y.
Tuning Up Production Well, the musicians are at it again. It doesn’t seem long since the ASCAP-BMI fued. For a ■while the public 'was the loser. If anyone^ gained, it -was BMI because before the squabble was over the public realized that they could get along quite -will without ASCAP music. The present disagreement would actually be funny if it didn't hit so close to home. The story briefly is that James C. Petrillo, president of the American Federation of Musicians, has decided to ban all recording for radio broac^casting and juke boxes starting the first of August. He has been kind enough to say that his musicians may still record for home use. The only trouble with this favor is that according to a Supreme Court ruling record makers can not limit the places where a rec- , ord may be played. Thi.s was all started at the request of the union membep, many of whom are employed, who feel that they should replace recordings of T. Dorsey and Glenn Miller at the local stations and the eat joints. Just how they expect to do,this to,the satisfaction of anyone except themselves is a little doubtful. Petrillo surpassed even himself this past w'eek ■n-hen he banned the broadcast of the National Music Camp at Interlochen, Michigan. His claim was that his contract with NBC forbid the broadcast of amateur groups, lest they compete with professionals. This camp is oile of the most famous for training young classical musicians in the country. It is operated on a non-profit basis with many of the students attending on scholarships. They have broadcast for the past twelve years without any objection. In this action Petrillo found himself at odds wjth many leaders of musicians locals throughout the country. But to date he has not altered his decree. The Federal Communication Commission regards the situation as “grave” according to Chairman Fly, because such action defeats the very purpose that broadcasters are given licenses for, that is, to render service to the public. So far no action has been taken, how-
ever.
As far as recordings are concerned, the question is not new. After the last disagreement many of the stations have been forced to retain a studio orchestra whether they ever use them or not. The logical solution for both problems seems to be action under the anti-trust laws. Tlie-only trouble with this is that according to a'Supreme Court ruling unions are exempt from anti-trust action. Petrillo sems to have the same attitude that the French peasants who thre’w their wooden .sabots into spinning machines in hopes that techiiilogical progress would be abandoned and there would be a quick return to hand
w'ork.
We look at it this way. If there are so many .second rate musicians in the country and’so many too few men in war plants and in the Army, perhaps Petrillo should look for jobs for some of his musicians, somewhere that they are needed. Tuning up production, maybe.
The first all-welded tank was produced by General Mot^^is in the record time of 47 days. It came off the hne seven months ahead of schedule.
The Summer Ratio
GRIN AND BEAR IT
8.44
to I
By Lichly
WHOOPEE, WHOOPEE, NEW EDITOR TODAY!! Call me the “Dirty Digit of Destiny.”
As the new editor of the old “column,” I will do my best. (To keep my identity a secret.) The last editor got in a heap of trouble! HERE IS MY THEORY!! DIRT my frans, is like the PURDUE COED, when ya got it, ya don’t give it—but such was with the last editor. THE DIRTY .DIGIT OP DESTINY WILL FIND OUT, SO BE CAREFUL! BE NICE LFL SOOO-DENTS!
Part One DARK, DANK, DIRT— Plash! Flash! Pop! x) (’&$”$&)(—BOOM! Big parties this week! ROTC pay came through last Monday. Don’t drink bee-, girls, they’re richer than you think!
BIGAMY IN THE BETA HOUSE— The Betas lacked only .44 of a man to make the Purdue Ratio the other night at Blitzes, when eight of them were seen with Kappa Jackie Wells. The other .44 of a man was asleep over on the WRH lawn, (pin man “Swede” Olsen.)
HA'VE YOU HEARD the new version of “Mary Ann McCarthy (who went out to gather clams!)? (Tune; John Brown’s Body) Well. Heard on a WRH serenade Thursday night: “Betty Ann McCreery, she went out to gather clams! She asked for a serenade —they say she got it. And how!
What goes on here? Sig Ep Chuck Showalter had his pin girl EDITH imported for last week-end, and one of the things done “to be different” was a swimming party in the WILDCAT CREEK. Not bad, eh ? Especially when it took place at 4 a. ni.
‘So Soon glorious victory ours, I go back to gardening job in good old U. S. A.!”
Look here! Proof that the Fi Deltz have datemen in their house this summer. Union “shot” Gene Katterjohn seems to have his pick of two or three women. First there is Alpha Chi Nedra Ann Pierce. Then he has been pulling the same “stuff” with Pi Phi Gloria McQuiston. To top everything off he is using the same line on Theta Ruthie Frier. Get together, galz, and compare notes. Sigma Nu, Johnny Wilcox has been having so much trouble with roommate Cal Sheehy that he has all but moved out of the Sig Nu house to get away from it all. Besides having a list of women troubles, Interfraternity Affairs Office troubles, and laundry and personal bills, he has to stand Cal’s hacking. Says Wilcox, “I’m ready to settle down to my books and concessions.”
University Calendar Wednesday, July 22
7:00 P.M. 7:00 P.M. 7:30 P.M. 7:30 P.M.
3:00 P.M. 3:00 P.M. 6:00 P.M. 7:30 P.M.
First Aid Meeting Christian Fellowship Marriage Course Scabbard & Blade Meeting
Room 306, Umon Room 307, Unron Rooms 302-304^Union -Room 303, Union
Thursday, July 23
Production Credit Meeting Screen Review Production Credit Meeting Tau Beta Pi Meeting.
. Rooms 355, 363, Union . Hall of Music . W. Feculty Lge., Union Room 304, Union
Rumor: No prom queen and king. No, No, No, we want our monarchs. Let’s all nominate Dean Dotty and Dean Fred. They’d make a slick couple, and they would be sure to be better king and queen than students. (If we dood it maybe we get all night hours).
Something flowed fijeely in the Sigma Chi house the other day, for they say they took the “Blitz
University To Hold Leadership School For Rural Youth Urging Rural Youth clubs to se-
Lt. Hobbs, '39,
Word has just came through that Lt. Vernon Hobbs, graduate of the
Bugg (Crosby automobile) in the house and drove it available young University in 1939, was captured on
all over the down-stairs
Last night I held a little hand, So tender and so sweet. Me thot me heart would burst with joy So wildly did it beat. No other hand into my soul Could greater solace bring. That little hand I held last night Four aces and a king. —Swiped
people from their clubs to attend the Leadership Training School to be held August 17-21 at the University, Cyrus L. Dyer, director of the department of education for the Indiana Farm Bureau, Inc., recognizes the need for the strongest community leaders possible. This will constitute the fifth annual training school under the auspices of the Ihdiana Fai-m Bureau, Inc., and the University. The enrollment will be necessar-
Bataan by the Japanese on April 18. While enrolled at the University, Hobbs was a member of Alpha Chi Rho fraternity, second in the ROTC unit and in the ME school. On April 16, two days before Hobbs is reported to have been captured, excerpts from letters he had written to his parents in Richmond
weie run in the Exponent.
Hobbs letters, ten in number were delivered by a variety of transportation* means, including airplanes, submarines, battleships.
Hey Fellas. Theta Maizie Dayton, that beautiful
hair with woo-woo you see on campus, is free to be ily limited to 210 students, accord-
had since she recently gave back her Delt pin. (To ing to the capacity of the Union anrmessenrers” Hirfi'rstTetterconthose in Labor Problems, MWF 10, she’s the one Building at the University where twined descriptions of the jungle whose back is forever being scratched by DU Hen- housing for the conference will be sui roundings mingled with the conderson during class, doesn’t that drive you wild?) provided. Four delegates fiom each fusion caused by the opening atthrough- tack “when the Japs came over and
'‘'■e eligible to attend knew what they wanted.” As the
the Univeisity for this week’s tiain-
ing.
The cost of $8.00i per student i.^ ^ borne by county Farm Bureaus,
The Cork’s past, very much like anyone’s past, is county coopeiatrves, Rural Youth present for a time while things are happening and dubs, and others inteiested in the
then becomes more past, adding on to that which youth program,
was already past very much like the adding of an- Pi ominent speakers will appear or* other coral to a coral reef. A timely coral was added vaiious general scs.sions, followed to the Cork’s coral reef past this last week as our by gioup discussions under the
current pair of saddle shoes wore out and we had leadeiship of students,
to don our discarded military shoes, choosing not to go barefoot like before we came to Purdue.
IHE BOTTLE ITCK
wilting continued the letteis developed into brief sentences written
as much as six weeks apart.
We thought about the purchase of another pair of shoes, but because of the advent of the Prom and the receding of funds from home, and priorities and the Cork being patriotic like we are, and Gloria, we decided that the military shoes woulj have to do.
Attend Conference
WAA Announces Tennis Deadline WAA tennis matches for the first round ot the tournament, which began July 1, must be played off by Fiiday. Those who have not completed their matches by then will be dropped from the tournament. The players aie to arrange for their own matches which can be played off at
any time.
Matchesv^which must be played off
Prof. R. B. Wiley, head of the
School of Civil Engineering, who week arc; M. Whitehead vs. B. is national director of American So- VanCamji, J. Hammer vs. B. Frecciety of Civil Engineers, is in Min- F. George vs. M. Caldwell, J. neapolis attending the summer P- Miers, E. Welch vs. G.
and the guys start leaving for classes, we did a note meeting of the society, which is R'^lgcway, K. Kiamcr vs. 11. Howhome and told Dad how much we enjoyed being home being held at the Univeisity of Min- Murphy vs. S. Johnson, E.
Yesterday after lunch, duripg a spare moment be tween the time when music starts coming over WASK
over the k oui’th and since the Prom was coming up nesota we had just been thinking that we would like to be a big shot with a car just that once down heie before tires and gasoline became more coi’al reefs in the Cork’s past. The Cork sure hopes the pater is senti-
mental like his son.
Tep billion dollars worth of war equipment represents around five million man years of work. That would build sixteen bands of euperhighway from coast to coast.
An outstanding example of sub-contracting is provided by one General Motors division which holds contracts for three guns from the U. S. Army. The three guns have a total of 471 parts. The division makes nine of these parts and farms out the remaining among 161 sub-contractors.
He will participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors and in a meeting of the Publications Committee of which he is a member.
Pi'of. Ben H. Petty of the School
„ . „ . , ’ ’ of Civil Engineering also is attendHaving finished our letter, we stumbled to class ing the conference. He appeared on and right over a little pile of lumber on the side- the progiam of the meeting of secwalk in front of the Women’s Gym. As we picked our tion representatives yesterday He bruised self up we noted that the peculiar pile of will also inspect the work being sawed wood was becoming weather beaten. It’s been done at the University in the field
setting out there for almost a week now. There is of Highway Engineering,
one two by four and a lot of little short boaids. The
Cork came to the conclusion that perhaps someone A J. * was debating whether to build a chair on top of a i^/TfO/MCC/O
pole to sit for days and days like people did during
the depression. ••• was unanimously elected vice-
^ president of SCA for next semester
to fill the vacanicy left by Robeit
We got to class one^minute late and the instructor Gruenwald who is to be married in
was telling a moron story about how two morons had the near futme. Antonaccio will to measure their horses to tell the black one from continue to serve as publicity chairthe white one. We decided that we should have cut man of the SCA for the remainder
foi the afternoon. of fjjjj. semester.
Paul vs. J. Blank, N. Haynes vs. R. Beichcle, and M. Kepner vs. J. Noidecn. Scoics aie to be leporled
at the" Women’s gym.
LAST DAY—2 FEATURES
Pharmacists Convene Monday And Tuesday For Seminar Pharmacy educators from over the middle west will gather at the University July 27 and 28 for the second seminar of the American Institute of the History of Pharmacy, the program for which was announced recently by Dr. C. 0. Lee of the University School of Pharmacy. Dean Glenn L. Jenkins will welcome the group to the campus, and Dr. Lee will discuss tlfe teaching of history of pharmacy in colleges of pharmacy. Following him Dean Rufus A. Lyman of the University of Nebraska College of Pharmacy will discuss outlines for history, literature and ethics of pharmacy. Baron To Speak On Mexico Miss Bertha Baron of the University of Texas, now a graduate student of the University, will tell of Mexico’s contribution to the pharmacy profession, and Dr. George Urdang, director of the American Institute of History of Pharmacy at the University of Wisconsin, will discuss pharmacy in ancient Babylon Assyria, Palestine, Egypt, and Greece. Dr. C. L. Porter of the University biology staff will tell of contributions made by early botanists to the science of pharmacy and Dr. L. M. Sears, University history professor, will discuss the place of scientific techniques in the general history of culture. Dean G. L. Curry of the Louisville College of Pharmacy and Prof. F. D. Stoll of his staff, who is a graduate student at the University, will give the history of that college, and Dr. W. E. Howland of the school of civil engineering will discuss the‘topic, “Why Study the History of One’s Profession?” Urdang To Speak Dr. Urdang also will speak on Carl Wilhelm Scheele, the first noted apothecary of the profession. Dean B. 'V. Christensen, of the Ohio State University College of Pharmacy, and president of the American Pharmaceutical Association, will discuss the history of this organization. Dr. P. J. Elving of the chemistry department will tell of the contributions made by this profession to pharmacy, and Dr. C. J. Zufall of the University pharmacy staff will speak on the role of biographical studies in teaching pharmacy. All Hoosicr druggists are invited to attend the session and local pharmacists are especially invited to attend. I Sororities To Have New Housemothers Phi Mu and Delta Gamma, social sororities, will have" new housemothers at the beginning of the next term. Mrs. D. F. Godfrey, penver, Colo., will take the place of Mrs. Grace McKee at Phi Mu chapter house. Mrs. Godfrey has been engaged in personnel woik at Estes Park, Colo. Mrs. McKee, who has been at the Phi Mu house for two yeais, will be in charge of the Pi Beta Phi house at the University of Indiana. Mis. William Heilman, Erie, Pa., foimerly of Richmond, Ind., will become new housemother for the Delta Gammas, succeeding Mrs. Alice Robinson, who has taken a new place at the University of Texas. Mrs. Heilman will take up her work on August 15. Both she and Mis. Godfrey attended the housemothers’ school at the University this summer.
Personnel Notes<
Holley Carburetor Company, De- ^ troit, Michigan—Coming Wednes- ' day, July 22. Interested in August ME. Inquire at Personnell Office. General Electric Company, Schenectady, New York — Coming July 22. Interested in August ME, EE, and ChE. Also graduate student in Chemistry and Physics. This includes students who are entering ^ the armed forces. Inquire at Personnel Office' immediately. Carnegie-Illinois Steel' Corporation, Gary Works—^Coming Tuesday, July 28. Interested in Augiist Science or Engineering seniors interested in cost analysis. Sign in Personnel Office by Monday, July 27. /
U. S. Rubber Company, Mishawaka, Indiana—Representative will visit the campus soon. Interested in August ME, ChE, Sci (Chemists), PSE. Sign in Personnel Office by Thursday, July 23. Armstrong Cork Company, Lapcaster, Pennsylvania—Interested ih August ME, PSE, EE, CE, ChE. Sign in Personnel Office by Friday, July 24. Western Union Telegraph Company, New York-—Intereste(j in EE. Sign in Personnel Office by Friday, July 24. Pennsylvania Railroad—Interested in December EE. Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, July 26. ' Continental Electric Company, Geneva, Illinois—August or December EE. Sign in Personnel Office at once. Curtiss-Wright (Corporation, Passaic, New Jersey—Interested in' August Aeronauticals, CE, EE, PSE, ME, MctE, ChE Sign in Personnel Office by Saturday, July 25. Lt. Carter Married In San Antonio Second Lt. Marion (Red) Carter, Indianapolis, and Miss Frances May Kramer, Wichita Falls, Tex., werS married on June 2 in the Redeemer Lutheran Church, San Antonio, Tex. The marriage has just been announced. < r,,,< Carter enlisted in the army air coips January 8 and graduated fiom Turner field, Georgia, May 2. He was dispatched to Kelly field, Texas, where he is an instructor in navigation. Carter was graduated from Washington High School of Indianapolis in 1938 where he stfijrrqd dp: football, basketball and track. Hq was an.all-city backfield performer on the Indianapolis News selections in 1937 and 1938. He had completed thieo years at the tlniversity when he enlisted. Miss Krattner ^raduat4d from the University last June.
—todaydouble FEATURE REMEMBER THE NIGHT with BARBARA STANWYCK FRED MacMURRAY PLUS BISCUIT EATER with BILLY LEE RICHARD LANE
‘TjAteiUSW
SARA AUGOOD Wilhnni FRAWLEY
STARTS THURSDAY Chills and Chuckles With Charlie Ruggics
—-PLUS— 'RUBBER RACKETEERS' — WITH — RICARDO CORTEZ
PRCaUBBOARI lOVER..,, George SANDERS Frank McHngb • Ellzabilb Pallenon
♦ lii i
Mel^oii/ Galvin Gain (n All-Star Balloting ' ■■:;?■•' ■' ., '"i;'. ■ '['■■ ■
^ Returns ifl the nation-^wide poll to determine thd>Y College All^-Atherieah gridiron squad to face the national cjharhp Chic^jfo Bears Soldiers’ Field, August 28, show Tomr# MeF ten, Boilermaker gdard arid co-captain, fitting into thir® place
t«th fi4,957^tes:
. Gold and Black football fans, determined to see a Ri’ii-eter ori the AU-S^af team, are also — ■ imr.-—
Isbell Starred In '38 All-Star Grid Show y
ports Coinmuniciue
boosting halfback Jdhnhy Galvin, who at present has 22,483 ballots to his credit, however the speedy back will have to overcome the lead of 15 other national collegiate heroes to gain top h^rth in the polling. Wildcats Far Ahead i Most, sensational is the qver-40,-OqO vote, lead that Dick Erdlitz and Doh Kruj^er' have over their nearest rivals in the race fqr quarterback positions on the starting elevens. The Northwestern stars are b^ing heavily pushed by all of ChiCiego’S Wi](dcat fans ancj^re expected to coHtinue in the remaining five
days of polling.
■With Big Nine players holding fjitrortgr ,Pleads or fighting second |)laces so far, Jt is definite that a Western Conference player will occupy full-back position when the collegians trot out on Soldier Field against the Chicago Bears of the
National League.
Iltig Nine Doihinates Bob Westfail, Wolverine line jtlunger of great power, has 72,818 tallied to his credit, with Jack Graf, Ohio State, Bob Sweiger, Gopher powerhouse. Bill Green, Iowa full)bjfick, and Don Clawson, Northwestern fullback, all following closely in
total votes.
A1 Bauman, Northwestern tackle, moved into second, led only by A1 Blozis of Georgetown, while Min- ^ riCsota’s Finch, followed Frankie Kovach of Notre Dame in a bitter race for pole position in the battle ior end -berths on the squad. Other Big Nine leaders in the All-Star team polling are Smith of Minnesota, heading the halfback ballot, Shd Diehl of Iowa, fitting into third, place for center position, i Balloting will close Sunday midnight, ^and'. numerous ballots about the campus are backing various ridilermaker grid stars for positions oh'thesquad.
Fortunes of the All-Star football games in the past have often been in the capable ^ hands of Purdue gridders. Most notable year of all perhaps was the 1938 affair with the Washington Redskins. Cecil Isbell, one of the finest of Boilermaker backs, led the Stars to a smashing victory over the Outpitched Easterner’s, 28-16. Wildest In Nine Years One of the wildest pigskin-pitch-ing parties to be played during tfie nine year history, the 1938 tussle saw lead change hands three times before the College seniors led by Isbell turned on a devastating aerial drive which netted them an insurmountable lead. The formier Purdue lumihary displayed a passing talent that more than equalled the famous arm of the ailing Slingin’ Sammy Baugh of the Professionals. Isbell tossed thirtem aerials connecting on seven of these attempts for a total gain of 167 yards. But more than mere figures were behind Isbell’s stirring performance, for his accurate eye ignited the spark that swept the Stars to their first victory against their more experienced rivals. Marty Schreyer, who was voted to a starting post at the tackle position, but who was forced out of the lineup because of an injury, would also have carried the Old Gold and Black in the ’38 classic. Although this year may not be a Purdue year, several Riveters are candidates for a berth on the final listings of the 1942 All-Star squad which will meet the Chicago Bears August 28 at Soldier’s Field, Chicago. However, they will need considerably more backing to, be assured of a spot on the squad.
Lt. Comm. Jimmy Crowley*,former mentor of the Pounding Poles from Eordham, is ,moaning long and loud these days at the University of North Carolina. Lt. Coihm. Crowley, who quit his Rose Hill position to join the Nkvy, is supposedly shaping up a really tough aggregation of footballers to represent the pre-flight sthool of NaVal Aviation at North? Carolina. At least it seems it was deemed advisable sihee his team is schediiled to meet the cream of Eastern football this falU« The cries of anguish are caused by the fact that footbalViliiaterial that was supposed to be routed to N. C.' apparently wah detOuredk;, ' Jimmy hasn’t got the musclemen, with or without pironouncahld names, to Carry out very many successful encounters this fall. Apparehtily Potsy Clark, coach at the Navy’s training statioh at Pensa-f cqla, got Crowley’s material for he has a wide selection of former V collegiate tluminaries. The only thing he lacks is a schedpl^v Some\ sort of deal seems to be indicated. a| There is some coolnes? between Yank boss Joe McCarthy and his young cajtcher, Buddy Rqsar. It seems that Buddy just pushed off . f^ DBulfalo Baturday without McCarthy’s blessing, in order to takejan fnation for a job as a Buffalo cop next winter. Buddy passed the exai^ii^tion> but his 'Career in the policeman’s trade is starting oft with at fiiie —a matter'of $250, which Judge McCarthy figured was about right for the walkout, which was, incidentally, jpulled at a rather ieinba^tassing tinae fpr the Yanks. Veteran catcher Bill Dickey is nursing a-wrenched showlder and the Yanks had to add former Red, Indiurii>'Brovvn, etc., RolHe Hemsley to the catching department to stay in;i|uiihhss. Ya just can’khelp feeling sorry for the poor old Yankees. / ' a . JTjinmy Dykes wasted some more breath over thh||^1ident when he iwotested that the Yanks had signed Hemsley b|fj^e they sent ^ rooiae Eft Kearse back to Newark, and that they “therefore'iverc. one over the limit of- players they could legally carry j President Harridge merely waved the protest aside, saying that Ki^rse,had been on the 5:48 to Newark when Hemsley was signed. ^ - A year or so ago there was a lot of propaganda on the open market proving beyond that shadow of a doubt that old curve,ball wad a figment of the imagination. Even high-speed pictures were taken to prove that the flight path of the ball was actually straight and that the old outshoot was just an illusion. Well, proof or no proof, no player that ever ducked away from a “roundhouse” was very firmly convinced that the ball had been heading for the center of the plate’all ,|he,i W£ty in. Therefore, the news that a Minnesota Physics professor Had^/brought some proof of his own and joined the ranks of the bqys who said “th’ hell it doesn’t” was wfell received. The professor announced that a good pitcher using a few fundamental aerodynaniic principles could make the ball curve up, down or sideways at will, picture notwithstanding. ' ’ ; ,
I NT R A M U R A L S
greeting cards FOA Act GCCASiONS Vnjversity Bool Store Aerof I' From Union SiBimoni *29 , i •*Doo’* Eppte *40
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Qualify BAKERY
EDGERTON HDWIE., INC.
HARDWARE —PAINTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and ^ANDERS FOR RENT'
Phone 435^ We Deliver
I
The following fraternities will play Paddle Teppis Doubles Wednesday evening: 6:30—Acacia, Alpha Chi Rho, Alpha Gamma Rho, Alpha Kappa Lambda, Alpha Sigma Phi, Alpha Tau Omega, Beta Sigma Psi, Beta Theta Pi, Delta Chi, Delta Tau Delta, Delta Upsilon, Kappa Deff^ Rho, Kappa Sigma, Lambda Chi Alpha, Phi Delta Theta, Phi Gamma Delta, Phi Kappa, Phi Kappa Psi. 7:30—Phi Kappa Sigma, Phi Kappa Tau, Phi Sigma Kappa, Pi Kappa Alpha, Pi Kappa Phi, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Sigma Alpha Mu, Sigma Chi, Sigma Nu, Eigma Phi Epsilon, Sigma Pi, Tau Epsilon Phi, Tau Kappa Epsilon, Theta Chi, Theta Tau, Theta Xi, Triangle. All matches will be best two out of three sets. It will be necessary that your players be at the courts on time. Fifteen minutes allowance •only—after which time opponent may claim match by default. Paddle Tennis racquets and balls may be obtained from the Check-out Service.
reported to the Archery Range to shoot the 30 arrows'in. the Archery Tournament, please report 'Vyednesday evening at 4:15. Each fraternity will have a two-man team-^ each man to shoot 30 arrows at 30 yards. You may compete more than two men, the combined sco're.of the two best being your team score.
. To all of those entering into the All Campus Golf Tournament, you will be given this week additional in which to shoot your qualifying round. Play 18 holes qualifying round and turn score cards in at the starting house at No, 1 tee. Each card must be signed by your opponent. Two nine hole rounds on different days will be O. K. Usual trophy and medals will be awarded in each flight.
Eight Teams Start Playoffs In Gol f Meet I ' After nineteen or twenty teams entered the fraternity golf playoffs last week, eight teams qualified to take part in the tournament, which started last Monday. The teams which qufiified are Phi Kappa Tau, Delta Upsilon, Theta Chi, Sigma Chi, Phi Delta Theta, Theta Chi, Sigma Nu, and Kappa Sigma. Nine really qualified as Phi Kappa tied Kappa Sigma, bfit in the playoffs. Kappa Sigma won. The Kappa Sigs also tied Sigma Nu in their first game of the first round. So far two games have been played off. The other two matches were played off last night and today. In the match with Phi Kappa Tau and Delta lipsilon, the former won. Sigma Chi beat Theta Chi to enter the quarter-finals. The Phi Kappa Tau team is composed of Eden, Davis, and Berlick, whfie the loser’s squad was composed of Richard, Powers and Barr. Theta Chi was made up of Nygren, Shead, and Ochiltree. Coombs, Hudson, and Niham make up the Sigma Chi squad, The rest of the games of the tournament will be played off this week sometime. Fraternity Paddle Tennis Play Begins This evening at 6:30, tlie fraternity paddle tennis tournament will begin in the Fieldhouse. Thirtyfive teams are scheduled to play, at 6:30 and 7:30. The tournament will be played off this week. , All matches will be the best two out of three sets. All the balls and paddles can be checked out at the Check-out Service window. The fraternity archery tournament started Monday night and will also be finished this week. A good turnout; was made by the fraternities in the first round Monday, with Acacia taking an early lead and Theta Xi following closely. Each team from a house has a two man team, each man shooting thirty arrows at thirty yards. A fraternity may enter as many men as it wishes but the scores of the two highest only will be counted.
ATO's Increase lead In Fraternity Softball
By Ad ffcheid
Standings in the 1-M intra-fraternity softbaB cofiitx^ititioil showed little chahge after last night’s contests. The leadini ATO’S added one more to their win column by defeating Upsilon 6 to 1. Sunderland did the pitching for the winner#/ holding the DU aggregation to one hit. The records now show, 13 wins and one loss for the ATO combination} giving theto a fairly coinfortable lead. ‘ Two Way Tie for Second The two-way tie for second place between the TKE's arid Phi Kappa remained un- —— . , — changed, the Tau Epsilon Phi’s game with Phi Kappa Psi, t6» forfeiting to TKE and the Phi winning, i to 0. Karmas takino- their eame present only two mor*. ^ mt. a- games remain ori the schedule fdV with Sigma Nu, 5 to 1. The Sigma team, although there reraafit Nu’s were able to eke out only one postponed hit, while the Phi Kappa’s pounded because of rain earlier in the seAout seven. son. Whether these games will ba; Phi Kappa Tau remained close played off is still a question. • ’ behind the leaders after laying out All three, of the top teaihs should 10 hits to defeat the scoreless Beta ,, bi-eeze through their rem'aininif Sigma Psi aggregation 4 to 0. Also contests. Unless they meet with still among the top contenders some : unforeseen disaster, the after last night’s games are the ATO’s should finish in front of tha Theta Chis. Warren Seaborg, one pack. of “Piggy” Lambert’s proteges. The standings to date are as folpitched the team to a 7 to 4 victory lows: (first ten teams only)
over the Phi Delts. The Delts
W.
L.
Pet-
squeezed their four runs out of
Alpha Tau Omega....
13
1
.9^1
only two hits.
Tau Kappa Epsilon..
13
2
.8^
Kappa Sigs Drop Close One
Phi Kappa
13
2
.sffs
Sigma Alpha Mu came out on top
Phi Kappa Tau
11
3
.785
of a close one with the Kappa Sigs,
Theta Chi
11
4
.73#
7 to 6. Kdppa Delta Rho was also
Phi Delta Theta........
10
4
.714
successful in another close contest.
Sigma Pi
10
4
.714
They managed to eke out a 3 to 2
Sigma Alpha Mu
10
4
.714
Win over the Betas. Lambda Chi
Sigma Chi ...
10
4
.714
Alpha remained scoreless in their
Sigma Psi Epsilon....
10
5
.6^
Ward 9 vs. Forestry. Pharmacy vs. Ag Chem.
Phi Gams Nose Out AGR's, 9-8, To Take Gold And Black Crown Night before last two perfectly matched Gold and Black’ teams met in the finals of the playoffs with the Phi Gamnia Delta fraternity nosing out the Alpha Gamma Rho's 9-8 in overtime game. Possibly one of the finest games of the season fro^ the spectators’ point of view, this contest provided plenty of thrills from the open-
ing whistle uritil the end of the fatal overtime period. The final outcome was in doubt throughout the thirty-three minutes
of play.
Lippencott Leads Winners Largely responsible for the Phi
' Gam’s slim'margin of victory was the brilliant shooting of Lippencott. During the course of the eve
Those teams whq have not as yet
The following Softball games will be played by the Wards Wednesday evening, July 22: . ^ Diamond 1 Ward 2 vs. Dairy* 2 Ward 21 vs. Wqrd 25. . ■ 3 Ward 1 vs. Ward 26. 4 Ward 4 vs. Ward .27* 6 Ward 6 vs. Ward 2ff
If You Want to Reach These Purdue Eds and Coeds Advertise in the EXPONENT
Fragrant as a Bride's Boui^uet
Lucien Lelon^'s
for Bride or Bridesmaid • Knights of old never bestowed more lordly treasure than this "Castel” filled with rare perfumes. Towers contain Lucien Lelong’s famed Indiscrete, {Impromptu, Carefree and Tailspin. A gallant gift which she will have many occasions to enjoy. 15 17.50 Decker s Inc.
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
The following fraternity Softball games will be played Thursday evening, July 22: Diamond 1 Phi Kappa vs. Sigma Pi. 2 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 3 Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Acacia. 4 Alpha Tau Omega vs. Sigma
Nil.
6 Phi Gamma Delta vs. Delta
Upsilon.
Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. Alpha Chi Rho vs. Tau Kappa
Epsilon.
Beta Theta Pi vs. Sigma Chi. Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Delta Chi vs. Phi Sigma Kap-
pa.
Phi Delta Theta vs. Delta Tau Delta. Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Theta Ta.u. Pi Kappa Phi vs. Sigma Alpha
Mu.
Kappa Sigiua vs. Alpha Gamma Rho. • Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Theta Xi. Triangle vs. Theta Chi. Phi Kappa Psi vs. Beta Sigma
Psi.
Luma House beats' Ward 2 To Win ^ Softball Title , ^ Ward 21, which’ is the Lum»o House, won the first round of Ward softball which was finished li^.
ning’s“pla7hr“a^oiiified f^^ fi^ y^eek.In the playoffs in which eig^.
of the winners’ total of nine goals.
Graham, Stiver, Christine and Me- Ho^se.played Ward 2 in the finalf
Girr scored the®h’emaining four
goals.
6
8 9
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17
The All Campus Tennis Singles matches will start Thursday evening. All those interested in signing up, you will find entry blanks on the Intrainural Bulletin Boards on the upstairs and downstairs boards.
and defeated them 2 to 1.
To reach the finals Ward 21 hid:
, to beat Ward 25, which is thife
^ Bill Sumner, Alpha Gamma Rho’s chauncey House, and Ward 4. Whrd fine athlete .who has been the chief g had to defeat Ward 1 and Ward, reason for their top-flight showing 27, the Dover House: Wards 1 #nd; in track, basketball, softball, etc., 4 fi^ighed in first place on the r«#-! led the losers’ attack by personally schedule with five wins 4ttd'
accounting for five goals. The for- losses,
mer Owensville flash seemed to be Teams Tie For Second everywhere at the same time and ^^j-ds 2, 21, 26, and 27 finished was probably the most outstanding a tie for second and thus wef4 player on the field. Wilkinson giigjbie for the playoffs. They woff' scored two and McKee one to com- ^j,ile losing two. Wards 5 hrid plete the Alpha Gamma Rho’s total, ge (West Minster House) tied for Path to Finals third with two wins and four losseS. The Phi Gam’s advanced to the Circle Pins (Ward 29) and Roeh-' finals by whipping the pre-tourney dale l House (Ward 22) took l^t favorite Theta Chi outfit and the place with no wins and six losses.^ ' Phi Delts. The AGR’s beat Sigma Last Monday night the secoiid Phi Epsilon and Kappa Sigma to round started. The members of th« gain the final round. first round were strengthened .as —five new teams have entered th4
competition. Formerly there ward
The first round of the fraternity ten teams on the schedule, but now ■ doubles Paddle Tennis Tournament there are fifteen, will be played Wednesday night. Five New Teams July 22. Be sure and note the time Four Agriculture teams and ona your team is to play on the letter Pharmacy have entered the con^ sent to you from the Intramural petition. The Ag teams are DairSi,' Office. You must play as scheduled Ag Chemisti’y, Forestry, and in order to be entered in the tour- Agronomy. There is also the Pharnament. macy team that has entered, Thd^^ ~ new teams are made up of some There will be playoffs in frater- student and some faculty membersnity Softball, the eight best teams. j
There will be 18 scheduled games played instead of the original 20 game schedule.
Switch to our Custom Shirt Service and enjoy real shirt satisfaction!
There’s nothing like professional laundering to make shirts look right, feel right, stay fresh all day long.
132 NORTHWESTERN
DIAL 3085
Bowling Standings Following is the standing of All--Campus bowling teams for we4k 7; “A” Bracket: .1
W
Sigma Alpha Epsilon.......
.17
,--,4
Delta Upsilon
.13
■f
Phi Kappa Tau
.13
1
Cary
.11
10
Phi Gamma Delta
..10
11
Delta Tau Delta....
.,.10
11
Beta Theta Pi
.10
11
Ji Kappa Alpha
. 9
12
Alpha Sigma Phi
-- 8
1#
Lambda Chi Alpha............
.. 4
17
“B” Bracket:
Phi Delta Theta
..14
7
Theta Chi
.13
#
Phi Sigma Kappa........
-.13
:$
Sigma Nu
.13
9
Alpha Tau Omega ;....
-U
10
Pi Kappa Phi
-.11
10
Alpha Chi Rho
.. 9
13
Kappa Sigma
8
is
Acacia
..7
14
Triangle
.. 6
15
High individual score;
Bruck, Triangle
...245
High individual series;
Stackhouse, S. A- E
....V ■
S'-W"'
\
ftiV
4
■i! ''
w |0f'
Put^ue Esepenent
fniomologists Lay Plans To fight I ^ ^ V Indiana Corn Borers
Standjfigs
University specialists and lepresentatives of the state entomologist’s office laid plans last Tuesday foi a defqnsive stand against the invading European corn boieis, which have been plundering thousands of Indiana corn fields this
Wli*n the Mills Brothers, world famous entertainers, and Fletcher Henderson, creator of America’s swing, «i4 his orchestra arrive at the Mars theatre next Saturday for a special one-day engagement, Lafayette will play host to the most talented group of colored musicians to appear here in the last ten years. ’Wic Mills Brothers, famous “four boys and a guitar,” are nationally Ttnowh for their sweet harmony on oommiircial radio programs and recordings. Their ability to imitate musical instruments, thus enabling liiiB quartette to sound like a whoje orchestra, has brought them international fame as they are one of the few American acts, and the only colored act in history, which has played a Command Performance for the King and Queen of England. Fletcher Henderson, America’s colored king of swing, at the piano and his fourteen brilliant artists pla^^ing his surging, rhythmic arrangements has made Henderson one of the greatest names in modern music. Featured along with Henderson and the orchestra are Thelma Grissom, song stylist; the sensational iRkythm Debs, an all girl trio; the trumpet of Peanuts Holland; the clarinet of Rudy Powell and the drumming of Walter Johnson. The screen attraction for Saturday features the modern mystery, “Pacific Rendezvous,” with Lee Bowman, Jean Rogers and Mona Maris.
^At a conference, which was called by H. J. Reed, Dean of Agricultuie of the University, at the request of State Entomologist Fiank N. Wallace, it was pointed out that although’the coin''borer has been in Indiana since 1926, commercial losses did not occur until 1939. In 1940 the Hoosier losses were estimated to be $600,000, while last year the losses went up to $1,236,255. This year’s losses are estimated to rise up even higher than last year’s. •
Farmer Should Clean Stalks Those attending the conference emphasized that every farmer should clean up hr, coin stalks in the fall and follow othe i recommended anti-corn boiei piactices. They also pointed out that absolutely nothing can be done now to
Three Soldiers Write Of USO Work
Former University Men Express Appreciation Of Recreation, Dances
‘pi event fuither damage to the 1942 corn ciop, but that some definite plans weae being laid to forestall the com boiers foi next year. Some of the boaid outlines of the
statements, approved the following ^le as follows;
statement:
“Rubber in large quantities is imperatively needed, and needed soon, both for the war effort and for sus-
a “scorched earth” for the boreis
this winter.
2 Enlisting and shredding corn,
By Walt Rafert
Three written proofs that the USO is doing a thorough job the civilian economy. The
of entertaining soldiers, sailors, and marines of the Allied important than that cutting it down to ground level. Nations at home and in distant outposts reached the hands of ample rubber be obtained. Every 3. Cleaning up barn yards, feed Tommy Johnston, University publicity director and chairman practicable source should be called lots and fields where com fodder rs of the Tippecanoe County USO drive, Monday. upon. kept, and burning the residue. The letters, written early in July, were from Rolfe Jenkins, . “Chemuigy’s policy is to promote 4 Adjustment of crop rotations.
former sports editor of the Exponent, who is now a corporal tn the Marine Corps serving
on Midway; “Ace” Stuckey, former manager of the Union bowling alleys, who left here April 1st and now is “somewhere in Hawaii”, and Earl Dosey, who spent one year at the University, playing on both football and basketball teams, after giaduating from Jefferson High
School in 1937.
Jenkins was woiking for the United Press when he enlisted last
Farm Chemurgic Summer Meeting
the industrial use of American farm as the piactice of sowing wheat in products. We therefore believe that com is favorable to the borei.
farm products should have the fullest consideration in the efforts to
McMiilen Speaks At Last* Session
National Farm Chemuigic Coun
Thanksgiving and became acquaint- oil officers and board of governors vice-piesident ed with the USO first when he cov- held then regular summer meeting ‘council He was
obtain abundant supplies of rubber. We hope that experience with lai'ge scale production will indicate a permanent economic place for farm products in the rubber market”
Banquet Thursday
Thursday evening, chemistry officials together with about 40 Indiana farmers and University scientists were the guests at dinner of David E Ross of Lafayette, president of the board of trustees and
of the chemuigic
5. Delay the planting of com ten days to two weeks, as this will usually contiol 70 per cent of the borers. 6. Maximum and optimum stands are preferable to thinner stands o£
com.
7. Most hybrid com is more tolerant to the borer than are the pollinates and the hybrids can often be planted at a later date in the spring Another conference wrll be held at the University next week At
ered a banquet in Chicago at which at the University Thursday Ernest
aw
Thomas E Dewey opened the first L Little, mana'IPng director of the
midwestern USO drive. His letter states, “The recreation centers were (and are) serving the purpose Dewey set forth as the object of his campaign . . . providing reading matter and recreation to soldiers who have a terrible time having or finding a good time (I have seen in two places signs which read Coffee, 6 cents—Soldiers, 10 cents . . . Last Girl at Thanksgiving “I have not seen a girl since last Thanksgiving What do you think I’d say to a good old USO dance
or party . .
“If a guy gets a chance to keep contact with the civilian world through parties, dances, and reading matei lal, he doesn’t worry much
about going stale / .
“The intentions of the USO are undeniably great They’ve been doing fine How well they increase then service depends upon the people who have relatives and filends in the service, the people who work back home, and the people who have pride in the United States and who
due to illness. Wheeler McMillen of Philadelphia, editor of the Farm
organization, was elected national and president of the chemsecietary at the business meeting to organization, presided, with fill the position vacated by Robert -^^lison E Stewart of Lafayette lep-
D McMillen of Philadelphia, who i^senting Mr Ross
IS now in the United States Army, McMillen reviewed the accomseiving overseas. plishments of the organization. The council, which never adopts showing how industry in many
Hays Jewelry Co.
131 North Fourth St.
resolutions and issues few public
cases had been able to utilize surplus farm and forestry products
Fine Jewelry at Moderate Price I f-f-f
cooperating with the county USO qiive USO Holds Top Rank “The organization is lated as second to none by the soldier,” according to Corporal Dosey. “The only other organizations that rate with it are the chuiches and the Red Cl OSS . It isn’t only for the soldier, but for our marines and sailors as well It goes faither than that It helps even English soldiers and sailois and all service men throughout the world “The people who work for it try then ‘damdest’ to keep us m the best frame of mind by providing dances, shows, games, food, and lodging . . they even take care of
want it to come through with flying Personal matters when we don’t
colors
Letters Count Pfc. Stuckey, stationed with the 46th fighter squadron, 15th fighter
Group AEF, appreciated the fact of forces down
have time or just don’t know how to handle the thing ... I know it takes money, but take it from me —it’s worth it. If you let the USO down you’re letting your armed
receiving Johnson’s letter while 5,000 miles away from home “when a letter really means something” He writes, “I hope this letter peaches you in time for your USO campaign, and you can tell everyone that every dollar they give will be for a good cause . . . We have a fine bunch of fellows over here and 'ftiey are on then toes waiting for
those JAPS . . .”
Along the older of most of Johnson’s heavy coiiespondence fiom Boilermakeis in the armed forces, Dosey’b letter was written on USO stationery. It was addressed to Mrs. W. M. Stephens of Lafayette who is
“P S. We’ll be looking for some cookies . . ”
Remember! YOU’RE ALWAYS WELCOME AT WALGREEN’S
QUAUTY FOOD REASONABLE PRICES FRIENDLY SERVICE
I
( »
DROe STORES
. 410 Main.Street
Our Prices Are Frozen, but Our Quality NEVER!
We are constantly striving to improve our QUALITY, to give our customer the bei^fit of
(Co’ntinued from page 1)
kappa Sigma Sigma Nu Delta Chi Theta Xi Alpha Sigma Phi Sigma Chi Phi Kappa Sigma Sigma Pi Kappa Delta Rho Pi KAppa Alpha Tau Epsilon Phi Theta Tau Phi Kappa Psi Alpha Tau Omega Phi Kappa Delta Upsilon Lambda Chi Alpha Tau Kappa Epsilon
3.92 8.90 8.89 3<85 3 85 3.84 3.84 3.79 3.78 8.77 3 70 8 69 3 68 3.68 8.67 3.57 3.52 8.47
Notices
unito.n. at ^ P m in the Armojry^^^^^
Reaecvistd: All male students, who have (iompleted the two yeats basic military Training lequircd for graduation and are nov^ ^m,Gihbeis of the Naval or Marine
Corps Reserve, report to the Adjutant’s office, Purdue Armoiy, for important infor-
mation relative to your fctatus
—RIORDAN
Registration Workers • Students who wish to work for the Registnu during the fall term registration, August 31, September 1 and 2, are Tequobted to make application at the regjstrai s office Those with pitvious experience at registration or in other clerical jobs are given prefeience —STONE
Cary Hall
Cary Hall ratings weie: Caiy Annex, 781 Russell St. Caiy Hall South, Unit D Caiy Hall South, Unit A Cary Hall West Cary Hall Northwest Cary Hall South, Unit C Cary Hall North Caiy Hall South, Unit B Gary Annex, 777 Russell St. Caiy Hall East Olivei Pei kins Teiry House Women’s Residence Halls
419 4 03 3.98 3.97 3 94 3.88 3.87 3 83 3 82 3.79 3 74 were
Sophoniorc Military Stuclciits: All sophomore students who desire to be considered {qr enrolliherit in the Advanced Course ROTC will submit applications in persbiv to the Advanced Course Selection Board accoiding to the following schedule Ihe Advanced Course Selection Board will be m session in Room 201 of the University Armory Students with surname beginning with A through C, Monday, July 20, 4 to b p m , D through V, Tuesday July 21 4 .to 6 p m , G through IC, Wednesday, July 22, 4 to 6 p m , L through N Thursday, July 23, 4 to b p m O through S, Friday, July 24, 4 to 6 p m , T to end Saturday, July 2B, 1 to 3 p m Students who are not able to attend the regular meeting of their lespective groups should contact any sophomore instructor, in Military Training, for specific permission to meet with another I'-roup Failure of any student to submit Application on one of the above dates is an indication to the Board that he is not interested in being consideied for enrollment in Advanced Course ROTC —GRAHAM
Interfraternity President’s Council: Keys are at the fraternity affairs office Cpme and get them —SCHWAB
All Science Seniors: All those who plan to graduate m August call at Den Enders’ office to fill out the necessary blanks —ENDERS
1. Complete plowing under the coin stalks and stubbles, leaving
led by Wood Hall with 4.12. North Hall was second with 4.11, and South Hall, with 4 00. Hotioraries and Departments ’ Honorary and Depavtmental organizations had the following I’at-
ings:
Alpha Lambda Delta Alpha Phi Omega Alpha Z?ta Catalyst
Ceres
Chi Epsilon Dolphin Eta Kappa Nu Iota Lambda Sigma lion Key Kappa Delta Pi Mortar Boaid Phi Lambda Upsilon Pi Tau Sigma Scabbard and Blade Sigma Delta Chi Sigma Delta Psi Skull and Ciescent Tau Beta Pi Theta Alpha Phi Xi Sigma Pi
Camera Clul)- Eegular meeting Thursday, July 23, at 7 30 p m in Room 306 —FURMAN
4 99 4 27 4 69 4.39 4.56 4 72 413 4 74 3 85 4 65 4.70 4 44 5 21 4.67 4.24 4 68 3 93 4 01 5 10 4 17 4 46
All Education Majors: Plan to attend open meeting of Kappa Delta Pi in West Faculty Lounge of the Union on Wednesday July 22 at 7 30 p m Discussion by high school principals on what admmistratois look for in selecting the successful applicant for n teaching job Refreshments —ARVIDSON
Classified Ads
student War Council. Meeting at 7 p it Wednesday, July 22, in the Union office —DUESIER
Money to loan on diamonds, watches, gups, luggage, typewriters Albert’s Loan Office, t07 Columbia
AWS Executive Board- Meeting Wednesday July 22, at 4 p m in the AWS office Debris pictuie will bo taken —CROLL
Theta Alpha Phi Pledges Pledge mpoling in Glee nRoom Friday at 1 p m —ZISSIS «
WA4 Beginner's Tennis Tournament - The following matches must be played off by Friday July 2! Whitehead vs Van Camp Hammer \s Freland George vs Caldwell Lauer vs Miers Welsh vs Ridgeway, Kia mer vs Howarth Murphy vs Johnson Paul \s Blank Playnts vs Buehilt. .ind Kepner vs Noideen —SCHUBER
-9-
The baby carnage industiy is IS about to be convei ted fi om metals to wood; 11,000 tons of coal will be saved by substituting wood, foi the most pait, in the construction of coaches, sti oilers and walkei-s.
t DOES YOUR PEN LEAK? Experf Repair Service SOUTHWORTH'S
unable to attend time lepiesentatives of the
Faim Buieafi and Giange, as well as other agencies, will be inVited to take pait
if
Keep Pitching with United States
WAR BONDS & STAMPS!
Every Stamp and Bond You Buy ‘ HELPS TO CALL A STRIKE ON
AMERICA’S ENEMIES
Get in the Game Now!
My 22^ 1942
Zouaves: Action lihota for the DobHj wfll be taken on Wednesday* July 22, in Aounv#
Mixed Doubles Tennis Firtyers: round matches must be plnyed off by ncbday July 22 Matches yet to be played art Trybaik and Dittman vs Emerson ^hd Goss. Gray and Walker vU Turher and hold J cttit and Luber vs RodRCM .and Burnham Vrtins and Harrison vs Collins and Ver Hoeven, Ilortan and Barson ys, Kiiotc and Vaujfhan, Armstrons and McCueiy Second round matches arc to be playt-d off by Sunday, July 26 •“SCHUBER
Eta Kappa Nu Pledges Meet in EE RLndinp: Room Thursday July 23, at 4,15 p m Impoitant instiuctions will be given Any absences must be excused befo^ that time —REED
Scabbard and Blade. An important mectim? will be held Wednesday, July 22/ in room 303 of the Union at 7 ^0 p m Tinal plans foi informal initiation and the banquet will be di'ieussed Everybody please be there —SPENCER
De^a Kho Kappa Actnes and Fledsris: Meetinjf at 5 p m Friday, Ju’y 24, in room 302 of the Union building Flndpts please IniMf; initiation fee, activeb bring duos— fifty cents •—DAVIS
Tau Beta Pi. Meeting for election of members will be held Thursday, July 23, at 7 30 p m in room 304 of the Union It IS compulsory that every member be present —yOUNGBLOOa^
Purdue Engrlneer: All staff members and workers report at the office at 4 p m Wednesday, July 22, for an important meeting. —YOUNGBLOOD
Alpha Zeta: Initiation will be held Thursday July 23, at 8 00 p m in room 808 of the Union All actives and pledges please be present Pledges meet in Agriculturalist office Pledge test will be held at 4 00 p m Thursday, July 23, in room 117 of Ag Hall —BRADFiBLt)
Typewriters—Adding Machines, all makes sold, rented repaired, and purchased Mimeograph work done C J Eberahoff, 606 Main, Lafayette Phone 2779
Lost* Gold Waltham wrist watch On men's tennis courts Slaturday Phone Bob Hadley, 3301 Reward
Lost—Black billfold containing draft card passpoit fiaternity cards, etc Call Gene Katterjohn at 5097
Lost—Black and grey Parker pencil Call ‘ Hank” 7440 Reward
Lost—Brown wallet containing Prom ticket some money and a million things of
identification Phone 3301
Help Wanted—Office assistant—elementary bookkeeping experience and accuracy handling cash —some stenographic ability— general filing Write Exponent Box No 14