M
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Snow or rain in north, rain in south, rising temperature.
, % ^v , Purdue Exponent
WEDNESDAY February L1939 Lafayette, Indiana
VoLSO
No. 102
Z4U
Student Book Exchange Opens Sale Today At 10 Purdue’s Student Book Exchange will open sales at 10 o’clock this morning in the Union ballroom, and will remain open until 8 p. m. An electric-eye “counter” at the door showed last night that 569 students had entered the Exchange with books for sale from 10 a. m. until 8 p. m. Total number of registered books last night was 1,014, doubling the number taken in on the first day last semester,
checking their stock of
After
books. Exchange officials issued a call for more texts in agricultural chemistry, clothing and textiles, chemistry and metallurgy, forestry, institution management, pharmaceutical chemistry, pharmacy, poultry, electrical engineering, and mechanical engineering. Registration numbers of books Which have been sold will be posted every hour on a bulletin board at the ballroom door, and book sellers may collect their money as soon as their number is posted. Hours for the Exchange are from 10 a. m. until 8 p. m. today and tomorrow, and next week Monday and Tuesday. The Exchange will close at 5:30 on Friday and Saturday, and will be closed all day Sunday. The Book Exchange will contnue to accept second semester books all this week and passports must be shown by prospective sellers. Book Exchange Board of Control director Sully Mason stated last night that Purdue is the only university which conducts a student bookstore without charging a com(Continued on page 3)
World News J'tadJmdu
New York—George Burns, radio comedian, was fined $8,000 and given a suspended sentence of one year and one day and placed on probation for a year by Federal Judge William Bondy on his plea of guilty to two indictments charging the smuggling of jewelry into the country. Barcelona — Spanish insurgent troops continued their sweeping advance through northern Catalonia today, capturing Estany and subjecting Vich, only seven miles away, to heavy artillery fire. The latest reports placed the insurgent vanguard only 37 miles from Gerona. A fresh snow storm swept across the west yesterday while legions of laborers attacked some of the deepest drifts in recent years in the north and east. Even before the heavy fall in the Atlantic seaboard states had ceased a storm approaching blizzard pro(Continued on page 4)
Registration Closes Today; Classes Will Start Tomorrow Second semester registration will continue today with graduate students, students having unremoved C, D, or I grades, and old students on probation getting their class cards in the Armory. The doors will open at 8 o’clock this morning, with the last group scheduled to start at 2:30 this afternoon. Distinguished students have the privilege of registering at any time during this period. Classes will start promptly at 7 a. m. tomorrow morning, and University rules state: “That any student not attending the first meeting of each class will not be allowed to continue in that course until he receives special permission from the dean’s office.” Registrees should enter the Armory by the west door. Students must have either their first semester schedule card or their permit to register. Last semester’s registration marked 6,484 students. The registration for the second semester continues, as follows: I Distinguished students of June, 1938, have the privilege of registering at 8 a. m. Tuesday, January 31, or at any other time during the registration period. III. Undergraduate and special students, who have unremoved C, D, or I grades on record, but are not on probation, register according to the first letters of their surnames, as follows: Na-Sl—Wed , Feb. 1, 8:00-8:30 a m M—Wed , Feb. 1, 8:30-9:00 a. m Ke-L—Wed , Feb 1, 9 00-9 :30 a m He-Ka—Wed., Feb. 1, 9:30-10:00 a. m. Fm-Ha—Wed , Feb 1. 10 00-10 30 a. m D-Fl—Wed., Feb. 1, 10:30-11:00 a. m. Bre-C—Wed., Feb. 1, 11 00-11:30 a m. A-Bra—Wed., Feb 1, 11.30-12:00 a. m. IV Old students on probation register according to the first letters of their surnames, as follows: S-Z—Wed., Feb. 1, 1.00-1.30 p m. L-R—Wed , Feb. 1, 1:30-2.00 p. m. F-K—Wed., Feb. 1, 2:00-2 30 p. m. A-E—Wed., Feb. 1, 2:30-3:00 p. m. V. Graduate students register according to the first letters of their surnames, as follows : H-I—Wed., Feb. 1, 8:00-9:00 a. m. E-G—^Wed., Feb. 1, 9.00-10:00 a. m. Coo-D—Wed., Feb. 1, 10:00-ll :00 a. m. Bi-Con—Wed., Feb. 1, 11:00-12:00 a. m. A-Be—Wed., Feb. 1, 1:00-2:00 p. m.
Bsidger Game Nears ISeUout Tickets are still available for the Wisconsin-Purdue game Monday night, it was announced last night by C. S. Doan, manager of ticket sales. There are already complete sell-outs, however, for the Illinois game, February 11, and the Indiana game on February 27. Tickets for the Wisconsin game, priced at $1.00 each including tax can be purchased at the ticket office in the new men’s gymnasium.
R. R. Hannas To Head ROTC Unit For Coming Semester AII'America Band Rudolph, Hannas, Treece, Levin, Oyler Also Will Furnish Music l^^^^ive Ratings As Cadet Colonels of Corps
Extend Southworth At Remaining Games
Contest One Month
Under the sponsorship of Mrs. Ray M. Southworth and conducted by the Purdue Independent Association, the Third Annual Southworth Script Trophy Contest deadline has been extended one month. The original plans stated that all manuscripts must be turned into the PIA office by February 1, but the plans now state March 1 as the deadline for the scripts. This contest, open to all students, is carried on to stimulate interest in the writing of plays or skits suitable for production. The plays are limited to 30 minutes and the skits to a period of from 15 to 30 minutes. Authors and PIA will receive 50 per cent each of any money obtained through the sale, and the sponsors reserve the right to produce and experiment with all entries.
Noble E. Kizer, director of athletics, today announced that the University band will be on hand to supply musical entertainment before and between the halves of the remaining basketball games on the schedule, including Monday night’s game with Wisconsin. A special bandstand will be put up near the southeast corner of the playing floor to facilitate the band’s appearance. The program will commence shortly after the doors are opened for each game and will continue until the initial jump. Any extended time-out periods may also be filled with musical entertainment. The complete program, to be announced later, includes a variety of events to be presented during the halves, such as: sports demonstrations, introduction of visiting celeb-
rities, etc.
R. R. Hannas, Sci ’39, has been named as senior cadet colonel in command of the University’s Reserve Officers Training Corps for the coming semester, according to appointments based^on rankings released by University corps officials yesterday. Hannas will succeed J. M. Rudolph, ChE ’39, who will be
second in command this semester.
Hannas, Rudolph, L. L. Treece, H. W. Lownie, R. W. Oyler, and T. H. Levin, all received ratings of cadet colonel. These six men had the highest ratings in competition and will have the high offices in the cadet organization for the coming semester. Hannas, Rudolph, and Treece had ratings as cadet colonels during the past semester, while Lownie, Oyler, and Levin had rat-
ings of cadet lieutenant colonel. The foUrteeU WhO Will huVe raukings of cadet lieutenant colonel for the next semester are R. J. Ruth, J. E. Taylor, R. K. Hirchert, R. E. Hall, E. C. Gross, B. L. Forkner, LE. Keck, T. L. Tomaszewski, J. W. Greenis, R. 0. Dirmeyer, B. D. Witwer, E. H. DuVal, D. White, and
R. C. Zimmer. Cadet Majors
Chemists Will Discuss Crime Detection^ Control “The Detection and Control of Crime” will be the general subject of the AChS conference to be held tomorrow in the auditorium of the Electrical Engineering Building. The meetings will be held in both the afternoon and evening. The society has planned a program that will be of interest to students, staff, and the general public. Although the subject of crime detection will be presented mainly from the viewpoint of the chemist, the average person will be able to understand and obtain benefit from it. All meetings will be open to the public. " ''
R. C. Brundage To Speak At Ohio Forestry Meeting
Dr. J. 0. Perrine, Lecturing Scientist, To Speak Tonight On Communication “Waves, Words, and Wires” is the theme of the lecture to be given by Dr. J. O. Perrine at the convo tonight at 7:30, in the Memorial gym. Dr. Perrine is the lecturing scientist for the American Telephone and Telegraph Company, and has arranged for the use of approximately 3,500 miles of wire to complete the demonstration circuit of sound.
Speech and music will be sent over these wires, which include two circuits to New York and Dallas, Tex., and into the high quality loud speaker in the gymnasium. Good and bad points of the transmission will then be presented for comparison. The lecture will bring out a great many ideas about the relationship between electricity and speech and sound waves, and also between electrical transmission and distance. Dr. Perrine holds degrees from several universities and has been working on this particular project for a number of years. His appearance on the campus is a special feature of the Committee c-n Convoca-
tions and Lectures.
Seniors Should Check Activities Today jat registration will be the last chance for seniors to turn in their list of activities to accompany pictures in this year’s Debris, announced Fred Winter, Debris editor, last night. Seniors should check the activity chart at the desk in the Armory, and turn in any changes or additions which should be made. Debris will start to press soon after registration, and in order for this information to appear in the ’39 issue, it will be necessary for it to be turned in immediately.
Don ti. Kooken, supervising Lieutenant, Indiana State Police Department, will open the afternoon session at 3:30 with a talk titled “General Methods of Crime Control in Indiana.” Lieutenant Kooken, who at one time was a member of the Army Intelligence Division, is well known for his work with the Chicago Secret Six Committee which has been instrumental in bringing the Capone gang to justice. Discuss Intoxication Kooken will be followed by Dr. R. N. Harger, who will speak on “Analytical Toxicology.” Dr. Harger, professor of biochemistry and toxicology, Indiana University medical school, is well known for his comprehensive work on chemical tests for intoxication. Following the afternoon session will be a dinner in the reception room of the Union Building at 5:45. The dinner, given in honor of the speakeis, will be open to the public. Reservations should be made with C. L. Shrewsbury in the Ag Chemistry Building. “Secret Poisoner” The evening session at 7 p. m. will be opened by Dr. W. D. McNally speaking on “Arsenic, the Handy Agent of the Secret Poisoner.” Dr. McNally was at one time Toxicologist and Coroner of Cook County, 111. He is at present an associate professor at Rush Medical College in Chicago. Dr. J. H. Mathews, professor of chemistry. University of Wisconsin, will close the conference with a discussion on “Use of Scientific Methods in Criminal Identification W^th Particular Refeyfence to Ballistics.” Dr. Mathew’s plain field of interest is physical chemistry, where he has contributed many articles. He has been particularly interested in the application of science to crime de-
tection.
R. C. Brundage, of the Purdue forestry department, will be one of the principal speakers at a symposium on white ash to be held on Thursday afternoon at the thirtyfifth annual meeting of the Ohio Forestry Association. The meeting is being held in connection with the annual Farmer’s Week at Ohio University, Columbus, O.
Leiber To Furnish Rhythm For Miami Triad Dance Friday Hal Leiber and his Indiana University orchestra will play for the annual Miami Triad bid dance to be held in the Union ballroom Friday night from 9 till 12. This is the first strictly formal dance that Leiber has played for on the campus this year, since his previous engagements were mixers, including the “battle of swing” with Bud Bryant following the Indiana football
game last fall.
The Miami Triad is made up of three social fraternities—Phi Delta Theta, Beta Theta Pi, and Sigma Chi—that had their origination on the Miami University campus in
Oxford, 0.
The committee in charge includes, the social chairmen of the different houses: Bill Hoiser, Phi Delt; Jasper Messmore, Beta; and Bud Mytinger, Sig Chi. Chuck Coe... . . : and his Purduvians are scheduled to play for the regular dollar mixer to be held in the ballroom on Saturday night from nine until midnight. Coe’s campus orchestra has played for previous mixers as well as on many other campus. He features the tenor saxes, giving his band an individual type of music.
Sixteen men will wear the insignia of cadet major. R. L. Richardson heads the list of rankings in this group followed by C. F. Hoffman, S. M. Lawrence, P. E. Brumfield, W. C. Prechter, M. E. Plater, J. T. Donovan, E. J. Wadleigh, D. R. Vance, D. F. Bline, W. L. Hostetler, R. M. Sasser, P. T. Frangos, D. G. Manlove, D. A. Williams, and R. S. Harper. Cadet Captains Fifty-two men received ranking^ of cadet captain. They are W. J. Demer, R. H. Williams, J. E. Hammer, R. L. Schnell, D. E. Monger, R. J. Kantz, G. W. Matthews, C. Harper, W. J. Cure, W. K. Millholland, M. H. Weber, G. V. Hutchens, T. J. F. Sherman, J. M. Williamson, T. E. Persinger, J. A. Ogle, J. C. Weist. B. A. Devol, M. C. Wakefield, J. H. Kline, J. T. Dona, J. R. Hopkins, R. C. Phillips, Milton C. Reeves, J. W. Hackie, D. W. Glover, R. Wagner, S. G. Luther, H. R. Mitchell, L. J. Barley, R. H. Jacks, J. E. Kessel, E. L. Tyner, L. H. Stephen. R. E. Heine, M. L. Gregory, D. L. Henry, D. W. Clugston, J. E. Tryon, F. C. Moses, W. B. Boothby, J. D. Gantz, M. L. Munson, V. W. Coddington, C. W. Hartman, H. N. Behrends, R. W. Middleton, R. B. Coen, F. W. Winter, N. P. Myers, J. C. Dewenter, and G. C. Romeiser. First Lieutenants The cadet first lieutenants accord(Continued on page 4)
Students Still Favor F. D. Roosevelt; Against Third Term For President
By Joe Belden, Editor Student Opinion Survey of America AUSTIN, Tex., Jan. 31.—The world is witnessing a perplexing situation in American politics: a president going into the last half of his second term, with strong opposition to his startling policies— but still with the confidence of the majority of the people. The youth of the nation now acquiring a higher education, the leaders of the country tomorrow, are in accord with the rest of the citizenry, and are even more enthusiastic in the support of Franklin D. Roosevelt. In a sampling referendum conducted for the Exponent and scores of other cooperating college newspapers, the Student Opinion Surveys of America show that 65.5 per cent of the students “generally approve of Roosevelt today as presidenlj.” The survey included students of all shades of political affiliation. Against Third Term This figure, however, does’ not
mean that they would like to see him run for a third term, for only 28.2 per cent answer yes to that question. The most significant deduction of the results of this poll is that although the students like the president they don’t want him to be a candidate again. The Surveys, recently organized for sounding out campus opinion, have conducted two ballotings on Roosevelt, so it is possible to determine his trend of popularity on the colleges. Results show: Dec. Jan. Approve of Roosevelt 62.8 65.8 Favor Third Term . . . 27.2 28.2 Increase in Popularity F. D. R.’s increase in popularity ^ui-ing the month may be attributed to events focusing attention on foreign affairs and national defense. Condemnation of Nazi treatment of Jews, the Lima Conference, trade treaties with Great Britain, and rearmament are policies gener'^ally approved by the public. It is of interest to compare the nation’s student vote of 65.6 per cent for Roosevelt with the January
figure released by the American Institute of Public Opinion, showing 58 per cent of aU voters approving. Although students are more emphatic on this count, they t,end to agree more closely on third-term sentiment. The Survey shows 28.2 per cent favoring; the Institute has 30 per cent favoring a third term. Third Term Question Those who do not want to see him run again most often mention tradition against third term as their reason. Others don’t like his policies, especially spending. On the other hand, those in the minority who believe he is the only man who is available to carry out the program which he has started. An arts and sciences senior interviewed at the University of Pittsburgh gave a t3rpical answer of the thinking student’s reason for approval: “His prog^ressive attitude is necessary to prevent breakdown of democracy.’* The President’s popularity by sections, runs in this order, from highest to lowest; South, Far West, West Central, East Central, Middle Atlantic, and New England.
ImWr
Wi'Pj
% -f 1/ >
|fl? ■ f l/^ l^i i i
%}
£dihyu£tL
THE FUBDUE EXPONENT
^JUXJtWUUL
Wednesdayt February L 1939
Throughout the United States. . . . today will be known as the Third National Social Hygiene Day, and will be the occasion for widespread educational publicity concerning venereal diseases and the war which medical science has begun to wage against them. In 1937 the first Social Hygiene day served as a general “alarm clock” in awakening the American people to the necessity for facing venereal disease, and syphilis in particular, as “public health enemy number one.” Soon after the second Social Hygiene day in 1938 the federal government appropriated 15 million dollars for a long range campaign against syphilis. Today newspapers and magazines all over the country will again renew the fight. Prudery made venereal disease discussion taboo in the public print until less than three years ago—but the shackles have been removed to such an extent that now these are the most discussed of all health problems. Emphasis at present is on syphilis. To outlaw this disease, education and publicity are the most effective weapons. Medical science in the last few years has developed both curing and preventative treatment to a high degree of efficiency. Social Hygiene Day has been established as a yearly backbone to the educational campaign. Syphilis is a disease of youth. Men and women under 30 years of ag^ are the victims in nearly 75% of the million new cases which doctors treat each year. Since it is a disease of youth, education must come early in order to be effective. Thus American colleges and universities are the most important points from which to attack. These institutions have seen the first anti-syphilis measures and from within their student bodies have come pioneer campaigns. With these facts in mind the United States Public Health Service made a survey this year in 515 colleges. Over 40% of them were found to have facilities for testing and treating students. Only 23 of these, however, make complete routine tests. The extent of syphilis in the colleges is materially no different from the extent in the nation’s similar age group. If anything it is slightly higer. The Public Health Service Survey showed that 19.9 students out of every 10,000 are afflicted. Among women students there is 15% less syphilis than among the males. Size of the school was found not to affect the prevalance of the disease. Location of the school had some affect, however, with the southern states being low and the central states high. Dr. Raymond A. Vondelehr, U. S. assistant surgeon-general, has this to say on the subject of stamping out syphilis in America’s colleges and universities: “Health problems in our institutions of higher learning cannot help but have a salutary effect upon public opinion. Widespread knowledge that college students are being systematically tested for syphilis as a routine part of their health examinations will present a practical example of what should be done in addition to delivering more blows at a prudish state of mind.”
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of ConKress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postase provided for in section 1108, act of October S, 1917, authorized Janu> ary 20, 1022. Published daily except Monday durtog the reKular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
Editor-In-Chief Business Manager
H. I. Stanback R. R. Hensler
PUBUCATION STAFF Manatrlnir EMltor.. L. S. Hardin City Editor - —D. A. Bailey Associate Editors... G. W. Frederick, K. G. Houston,. R. E. l^nsley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. 6. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager — E. M. Antoninl Circulation Manager — W. F. Berg Sales Manager. V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager. —H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager — W. E. Smith Art Director. D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor Sally McKee Associate Editors — Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor R. L. McDonald Associate Editors - J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792
SBNTBD FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY
National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAaO ' BOSTON ' Los ANOELSS - SAN FRANCISCO This newspaper Is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AB opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are stude^ opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
Nigfht Editor—^Kroeplin Issue Editor—Patterson Wednesday, February 1, 1939
Purdue Plays Its Part... ... in the fight with extensive educational measures and with facilities for testing and treating. Last year the Exponent, working in cooperation with the Student Health Service, sponsored a “Wasserman night” which offered free tests to all University students. On that single night over 200 students voluntarily took the tests with the result that one case was discovered and treatment begun. During the year over 500 students were tested. From the educational standpoint, also, Purdue is doing a good job. Every student is now required to take courses in hygiene in which venereal diseases are thoroughly and constructively discussed. In addition films and other material on the subject are presented every year. A part of the marital lecture series is devoted to these problems. This year a competent off-campus physician will discuss them with seniors. A student-faculty committee has been recently set up to look into the possibilities and desirabilities of a marriage course at Purdue as an additional measure. Purdue will continue to help in the national campaign. The educational measures which are now in process will be continued, and more will be added if necessary. The present problem is to make each student conscious of the need for this education and interested in availing himself of it.
CoUeffiatefrom Coast-To-Coast' by Joy Johnson UCLA is now the proud possessor of an ocean-going laboratory, Valero III, presented to the University by Captain Allan Hancock. The 198-foot ciniiser will be used, as in the past, for extensive explorations along the coasts of California, Mexico, Central and South America and in the tropical islands of the eastern Pacific Ocean. Contributing to the scientific efficiency of the Velero III are its modern lab and apparatus, photographic dark rooms and camera equipment, and fresh foods and water storage to supply a three months’ expedition. —C— Nature may be able to work miracles, but at that, nature has nothing on the engineering experimental station at Minnesota. At the station, all materials used in making roads and the soil on which the roads are built are tested. Now, these testers don’t have time to wait for the seasons to roll around so they can see the effects of the elements on the materials— so they make their own seasons. What’s more, they can do in a day what all the elements at their worst can accomplish in a year. oPsychologists may be busy finding new educational methods, but it took Instructor Nathan Susskind of
the City College of New York to prove the efficiency of an old but unapproved method. Susskind has proven with tests that students who used approved ponies learn foreign languages faster than those who don’t. Now, at last, language students, instead of slaving over the translations, can win in a trot. —C— Since co-eds are such indispensable creatures on the Purdue campus, it might be interesting to find out where the word “co-ed” comes from. University of Chicago wordtechnicians have been working on a new American-English dictionary, and hei’e’s what they found. The use of the word co-ed was
LUtlA -LAST DAY — JOEL McGREA ANDREA LEEDS
'YOUTH TAKES A FLING' — and — ''FRESHMAN YEAR''
first made in 1893. First recognition of the word was in the old Independent in 1907 with this sentence: “The fellows in a body may laugh at the co-eds yet they rarely fail to open or close a door for them. ” Modern eds, please note. —C— It will take more than brains and study to get a diploma at Hiram College now. A faculty committee has^ decided that, in addition to declining French verbs and mixing chemicals, men students must know how to pass a football and handle a tennis racket. Before graduation the men must pass tests of skill in several sports. They have a
Registration and all has kept us pretty busy, too, and so the digging up of dirt for this little column has sort of slackened along with the other digging which has been going on around and about the campus. Peter was able to dig up a few good poems though, if you can call them that, so today’s column will be thus devoted. —B-B— HI YO FERDINAND! He met her in the meadow. When the sun was sinking low. They strolled along together In the, evening after-glow. While patiently she waited As he lowered all the bars. And her soft eyes beamed upon him As radiant as the stars. Bu^he neither smiled nor thanked him, For she knew not how. He was but a dairy student, And she a jersey cow. —B-B— xUVERHEARD— He—Darling, am I the first man you ever loved? She—^Yes, sweetie-pie. The rest were Betas. —B-B— CO-ED Her name we dare not mention; She is a Pi Phi from the South, But we’ll just call her—rumor. Because she goes from mouth to mouth. —B-B— ANOTHER CO-ED When I asked her to wed, “Go to Father,” she said. Now she knew that I knew Her father was dead, And she knew that I knew The life he had led. And she knew that I knew What she meant when she said: “Go to Father.” —B-B— This column today some may think is a mistake, but in last week’s Sanford Scribe, this appeared : —B-B— “Every Thursday noon mixed recreation will be held in the gym. The girl may bring her boy-friend or pick up one of the many strays that wander over from the boy’s gym. A great variety of sport is offered for those that come.”
Right out in the gym, too! . . . my, my. choice of football, basketball, tennis, fencing, golf, and wrestling. That sort of system should be quite fair. While the athlete worries about calculus or chemistry, the bookworm can worry over tennis and basketball. Be that as it may, it seems quite evident that at Hiram they don’t intend to make their co-eds into Amazons, for the sport tests are just for the eds.
“I got the script of the year here—a sure smash hit! In my estimation it won’t require a single dish to be given away!”
Personnel Notes
Organization: United States Naval Reserve Aviation Base, Chicago, 111. Representative: Lieutenant Commander H. F. MacComsey. ^ Visiting Purdue: Today, February 1. Interviewing: All seniors. Employment: Aviation training in the United States Naval Reserve Aviation Base. Seniors interested should sign up for interviews in Professor K. D. Wood’s office in Mechanical Engineering Building. Further information may be obtained from the Personnel Office in the Executive Building.
Company: Bailey Meter Company, 1050 Ivanhoe Road, Cleveland, O. Representative: John F. Luhrs, Director of Education. Visiting Purdue: Tuesday, February 14. Interviewing: Mechanical engineering seniors. Employment: A Cadet engineering course, lasting from 10 i to 20 months, consisting of assignments in various departments in the office and shop. Literature is available in the main office of the ME Building and in the Personnel Office. Those interested should sign up in the ME office for consideration.
Company: General Electric pany, Schenectady, N. Y. Representative: M. L. Frederick, Supervisor Business Training. Visiting Purdue: Monday, March 27. Interviewing: Engineering and Science seniors. Employment: Business training course of company. Those taking engineering who want to go into accounting, financial, and statis-
tical work. Literature is in the main office of each school. Those interested in an interview should sign up in their school for consideration. Company: B. F. Goodrich Company, ‘ Akron. 0. Representative: Bert S. Taylor, General Superintendent of Processing Division. Visiting Purdue: Thursday, February 9. Interviewing: Chemical and mechanical engineering seniors. Employment: Training course of company consists of laboratory work plus instructions. Length of time depends upon the demand for men in production. The course will lead to work in engineering production, operation, design, construction, and maintenance. Those interested should read literature in office of the head of the school concerned, then sign up for consideration.
WBAA
On The Air—
~"''The Voice of Purdue" ““ —^Today— 11:00—Moi’ning Melodies. 11:60—Purdue News Plashes. 12:00—Farm Facts for Farm Folks. 12:15—Sports Review, Dick Shively. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:46—Wanita Wilson, soprano. 1:00—Meditations, Rev Paul Westburg. 1:15—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Story Time. 1:46—^Market Reports. 2:00—Melody Time. 2:15—Charles Powell, pianist. 2:30—Home Decorator. 2:46—Mrs. Irvin Jackson, hymn Echoes.
Thursday-Friday-Saturday PAUL KELLY in 'ADVENTURE IN SAHARA' — and — BOB BAKER in "PRAIRIE JUSTICE"
W’ ti
fj rd
Wednesday. February 1.1939
THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
PE School To Offer New Hel Team Will Meet
Big Ten
Varsity Sq
uads To Face
^ r D • . Wisconsin Monday; Courses For Beginners Pace Hard Schedule
Bandwagon
Heavy Sp
orts Schedule
Beginning swimming, activities for “dubs,” and camping are new subjects which the Men’s Physical Education Department will offer this year. The swimming course, PEM 6, is offered only to non-swimmers and to those whose swimming has not advanced beyond the dog paddle stage. Classes will be held Tuesday and Thursday at 11 a. m. and Monday and Wednesday nights at 7 o’clock. Three periods will have to be chosen. Professor L. W. LaBree and staff will be in charge. Individual and group leisure time ‘
activities will be taught in PEM 11. This course is open only to the socalled “dub,” who because of lack of skill or knowledge of the rules is forced to remain on the sidelines while his more fortunate comrades exert themselves. One credit hour is allowed for the course, which meets Tuesday and Thursday at 11
o’clock.
Camping Course
PEM 37A will be a group of a different nature which will provide training in the organization and administration of camping. Two recitations will be held Monday and Wednesday at 2 p. m. and a laboratory period on Thursday from 10 to 12. In the laboratory period students will be taught necessary handicraft for instruction in summer camps. This course is tied in with the camps placement service to enable students to find employment during the summer as counsellors in camps. Last year 18 students found employment in this work. No prerequisites are required for the new course.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
Cue Artists Compete For Places On Billiard Team In Tournament Qualifying matches to determine who will compete on the Boilermaker billiards team in the eighth annual Intercollegiate Billiards Tournament are now being held in the Union. Each member of the three teams which will take part in the' Intercollegiate matches will receive a gold key from Charles M. Peterson, holder of the wprld’s red ball
championship.
With the tournament opening on February 9, the first event to be played will be Straight Rail. Two . weeks later the Three Cushion team will compete, and on March 9, the final meet will be in 14.7 Pocket Billiards. At stake in these meets will be the Noble Kizer cup, the Percy Collins cup and the Wood cup, re-
spectively.
S. D. Distelhorfi... . . . EE ’35, has resigned as technical editor of Air Conditioning & Oil Heat, in New York City, effective February 20, to join the sales promotion staff of the Cochrane Corporation, Philadelphia, Pa.
Save at Southworth's — not' only on text books, but on other supplies, too. Our stock is complete with everything you'll need for this semester. Do your shopping now at SOUTHWORTH'S
Boilermaker net speedsters, after three weeks of concentration on slide rule contortions and pencil gymnastics, will return to the hardtvood Monday to meet Wisconsin here in the first gan^e of a rapidfire schedule that calls for five Big Ten encounters within a two week period. In the initial meeting of the semester with the invading Badgers, the Riveters, Big Ten title defenders, will endeavor to pull up on even terms in the current championship chase before clashing with the Illinois quintet the following Saturday in the second home game of the week. Road Trip The Boilermakers, following the two-game home stand, will take to the road for a series of three tilts, meeting Minnesota at Minneapolis, February 13; journeying to Madison, Wis., for a return game with Wisconsin, February 18, then jumping to Champaign, 111., for the return tilt with Illinois, February 20. The three-week layoff, although hardly beneficial to the squad as a whole, has enabled Captain Gene Anderson, whose leg was injured before the Southern California game, to get a complete rest, and Coach “Piggy” Lambert hopes that he will return to the form that made him a unanimous choice for All-Confer-ence center last season. Barring scholastic difficulties, Lambert expects to stick to virtually the same lineup that finished the first semester, with Dan Fisher and Bob Igney at forward and Tom Dickinson and Fred Beretta at the guard posts, working in combination with Anderson at center.
News Flashes(Continued from page 1) portions whisked east\^ard from the Rocky mountain area toward midwestern districts already over-bur-dened with snow. “It will be a bad one,” C. A. Donnell, government forecaster, predicted at Chicago. He figured it would reach there about dawn today, but would not prove as heavy as Monday’s storm.
At Minnesota, Bernie Bierman has already begun his winter football practice in the Gophers’ fieldhouse. He drills last fall’s freshman numeral winners two days a week and candidates who failed to win their numerals along with all others interested in trying out for football on two other days each week. The practice began just after Christmas vacation to continue for six weeks. —B-T-B— Jimmy Hull, Buckeye basketball captain, has instituted a new plan to reduce friction on the playing'floor to a minimum. He holds a dinner for members of the team a day or two before each game at which the players discuss problems and try to straighten out the style of play ahead of time. Hull set an all-time record for an Ohio State player in the Big Ten last year, scoring 137 points in 12 games, —B-T-B— Michigan points with pride to the first semester intersectional record of its football, basketball and wrestling teams, which were imdefeated in competition against Eastern opponents. The football team defeated Yale and Pennsylvania, the basketball team won games against Rochester, Syracuse, and Cornell, and the wrestling squad licked Pennsylvania State and the New York Athletic Club. —B-T-B— The result of a queer play in the Wisconsin-Illinois basketball game January 21 cleared for many spectators one point which arises once in a decade but which is puzzling to most fans each time it comes up. Byron Bell, Badger center, attempting to block a shot by Drish of Illinois, deflected the ball into the Illinois basket. Many of the sports writers who attended the game then credited Drish with the basket that Bell inadvertently made for his opponents. However, according to the rules, the field goal in such a case is awarded to the captain of the opposing team so Captain Tom Nisbet of Illinois received official credit for the two points.
Students Zip Through Megistration—Where?
By Rollo DeHoog Have you taken your four hour required, non - credit, technical course for this semester ? ? It must be technical because it is a mathematical and problematical mystery as to whaf it is all about. This situation is found usually, and in most other technical courses. One long line, one long wait; another long line, another long wait— the only happy expressions around us are those of the bored students that remained behind. Finally, we are behind the enemy’s front lines. We duck into a handy chair and using the “Purdue honor system” glance over to see what our neighbor is doing. Parade of Beauty? He is cussing mildly (at first), watching the co-eds go by—^he read yesterday’s letter to the editor, too —and glancing up a large board. On following his glance we see this great masterpiece of our Engineers. Two things are noticeable—^besides the co-eds—a senior pacing up and down, and a number of red dots. Red ink reminds us of school, yellow cords i-emind us of Purdue. Oh yes, we came over for our technical required four to eight hour course, registration. Well, well, registration time. The period when all freshmen, sophs.
In contrast to the athletic lull of the past three weeks while the members of the sports squads made a stab at University exams, one of the heaviest programs of the year faces Purdue during the week beginning next Saturday, with 16 contests in
six different sports scheduled. ^
Although the major share of attention will be focused on the Big Ten title defending net combination, the track, wrestling, fencing, squash and swimming teams will all be in
the spotlight.
Trackmen To New York City Selected members of Coach Hermon Phillips track squad will compete in the Millrose Games in New York City on Saturday and then match strides with Butler in a dual meet here the following Wednes-
day.
Coach Cladue Reeck’s wrestlers will attempt to break into the Big Ten win column here Monday when they tangle with Chicago and then journey to Normal, 111., to meet Hlinois State Normal on Saturday. The fencing and squash teams will be the two busiest squads of the week, each with four road engagements scheduled. The fencers journey to Columbus, O., to meet Ohio State Saturday and then go to Chicago to meet the Maroons on February 10, following with a “big double” against Wisconsin and Michigan State on February 11. Squash Team Busy The squash team opens its second semester activities in a pair of meets against the Pendennis Club and Fort Knox Oificers at Louisville, Ky., on Saturday. The team will split into two sections to meet Illinois and Evanston Y. M. C. A. on the following Saturday. The swimmers will not go into action until next week, meeting Indiana at Bloomington February 10, and Butler at Indianapolis the next
day.
^juniors, and seniors gather together to talk their respective schools into a schedule containing no 8 or 9 o’clock classes, no classes on Saturday, and three afternoons a week off. Idiot’s Delight? With fiendish delight, the faculty looks over our mixup of section numbers and smilingly inform us that we will have to attend school for at least one more semester and that all schedules were invented to include Saturday classes. Oh well, we wanted to go to school anyway. That was last semester that we were “joeing” around—remember the letters from the university. Throwing off our coats, rolling up our sleeves, and grabbing a pen we rush into the fi’ay. Hours pass. Enthusiasm wanes. Hunger takes the place of enthusiasm, and long after we have given up, we finally slip through the final line. We’re out. Financially, physically, mentally, and thoroughly. Co-eds get a cheerful invitation from “Shorty” to “join the ai-my and see the world,” underclassmen join the Army—period. Seniors look back, “Well, that is the last of those battles.” The rest of us look ahead, and follow ourselves to the Sweet Shop.
Call Freshman Workers For Tryouts As Manager Of Intramural Activities Fraternity freshmen are urged by the intramural department to try out for the position of intramural manager. Those interested should meet in Room 111, Fieldhouse, next Thursday at 4:00 p. m.
to receive instructions.
The freshmen will have to report to the intramural office every week day at 4:00 p. m. to aid in conducting the intramural sports program. At the end of the semester, two of the sophomore assistants and an alternate manager will be selected. One of these assistant managers will be elected Intramural Manager at the end of his sophomore year. Awards for the work are a trip to the Big Ten Athletic Conference in Chicago, an Intramural sweater to the three assistants at the end of the freshman year, and a “P” sweater to the manager in his junior
year.
U.S.Labor Bureau Official Will Speak On Wage, Hours Bill Mary Anderson, director of -the Women’s Bureau of the U. S. Department of Labor, will speak at 8 o’clock tonight, in the Union faculty lounge on the “Wages and Hours
Bill.”
Miss Anderson, who was born in Sweden, has been director of the Women’s Bureau since 1919. During the World War she served in the Women in Industry section under the National Advisory Committee. Before that she was the women’s representative in the National Boot and Shoe Workers Union. The meeting is sponsored by the Purdue Women’s Club, the Altrusa Club, the American Association of University Women, the Business and Professional Women’s Club and the League of Women Voters. The public is invited to attend. Navy Officer Desires To Interview Students Interested In Aviation Lieutenant Commander H.F. MacComsey of the U. S. Naval Reserve Aviation Base, Chicago, 111., will visit the University tomorrow, in connection with the Navy’s program for training college men in avia-
tion.
Lieutenant Commander MacComsey would like to meet all aeronautical engineering seniors and any other students interested in naval aviation on tomorrow afternoon at one o’clock in room 308 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Moving pictures of naval aviation activities will be shown in the main lecture room of the EE Building at four o’clock. All students interested in government aviation training should attend these meetings. SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
University Club Bowling
(Week Ending Jan. 27) GOLD LEAGUE STANDINGS W L Animal Husbandy 5 1 Ag. Engr 5 1 Chem. Eng. I 5 1 Biology 4 2 Executive III 3 3 Union 3 3 Ag. Chem. I 2 4 Jt. Hgwy. Res. Proj 2 4 Entomology 1 5 Executive I 6 High Scores for the WeeK High individual games: Winn 210 Robertson 206 Walkey 182 Stoops 181 Shipman ; 180 High Individual Set: Robertson 618 High team game: An. Husb 787 High team set: An. Husb 2203 BLACK LEAGUE STANDINGS W L Gen. Engr 6 0 Chemistry 6 1 Civil Engr 4 2 Poultry 3 3 Dairy 3 3 Elect. Engl- 1 2 Gen. Stores 2 4 Ag. Chem. II 2 4 Executive II 1 5 Chem. Engl-. II 0 3 High Scores for the Week High individual games: Wilbur 189 Girard 186 Munger 185 Panlener ...184 Eldridge 184 High individual set: Munger 510 High team game: Gen. Engr 754 High team set: Gen. Engr 2192
We Pay 50% Cash For Second-hand Books Every Day H. G. "Deac REISNERwmmwrnmmmm
v4-.‘r
ir
11' I
f
I
3kcaL (Ma,
THE PUBDUE EXPONENT
^yiojticoA.
Wednesday, February 1,1939
I*
$
R, R, Hannas-
(Continued fi'oni page 1)
Student Book-
(Continued from page 1)
the University of Minnesota organized its exchange last September, and the University of Wisconsin modified its plans along the lines of Purdue’s present Exchange.
WANTED—Two co-eds to share large front 1st floor room, modern. 66078. 189 S. Salisbury. '
Purdue Pistol Team; All members of the Purdue pistol team report at the Armory at 4 p. m. Thursday, February 2. —HOLMES.
FOR SALE
ing to their rankings are P. A. Derra, R. H. Stover, F. C. Ahrens, J. F. Schaefer, R. J. Bossong, H. E. Buvkhardt, J. A. Hufford, L. E. Armstrong, R. I. Schumacher, S. T. Novak, W. G. McLaughlin, M. E. Wickersham, C. Arnold, J. F. Coffee, E. W. Little, A. H. Kraas, E. E. Coolman. D. S. Butler, (R. M. Thornton, H. C. Johnson, C. E. Lang, T. Schreiner, F. B. Sebastian, F. W. Fisher, E. E. Roth^nberger, J. W. Scott, J. R. Bonebrake, R. H. Fatout, L. H. Holmes, J. D. Bowen, W. M. Jackson, E. E. McClan-en, R. D. McCreery, S. M. Marks, A. A. Hrast, R. B. Fitts, H. B. Schisler, A. A. Kuzmitz. J. E. Ward, G. R. Douglas, R. C. Meleney, J. H. Miller, Maurice C. Reeves, S. F. Adamec, H. C. Boyer, G. R. Guthrie, W. A. Reed, L. C. Lewis, J. J. Calderbank, P. W. Davis, B. C. Loskot, H. F. Helbig, F. P. Tabshey, L. L. McDaniel, R. N. Schneblin. C. F. Reed, H. Brenman, J. R. Keck, A. V. Gaulke, H. L. Scott, R. H. Lehman, A. P. Knapp, C. H. Rosohacki, J. L. Ciral, R. A. Meier, R. Cassity, G. E. Recktenwall, C. N. Hall, C. M, Barnes, J. F. Doyle, P. W. Eckstein, R. L. Chandler, and F. A. Aken. Junior Rankings Relative rankings of the juniors are as follows: H. G. Kolb, H. M. Knight, J. A. Hebbeler, R. C. Becker, A. C. Perrin, K. C. Houston, L. B. Counterman, C. F, Hotler, V, D. Hobbs, D. Butterfield, H. E. Schooley, J. D. Hoffman, J. G. Silering, R. A. Specker, 0. Duckworth, R. H. Turnbell, G. E. Olson. R. L. Reiley, R. E. Houser, R. F. Gerding, L. L. Lyles, R. Glasser, E. C. Schrader, A. R. Cornell, A. G. Bignall, M. A. Ahlvin, C. J. Ancker, C. E. Bowman, H. W. Nevin, A. V. Pustello, C. G. Moller, G. Palikucha, S. D. Ramseyer, C. H. Bonnet. H. B. LaForce, W. 0. McWorkman, J. E. Nitsche, L. E. Morrison, E. Carlquist, R. F. Hastings, H. C. Dellinger, J. S. Williams, E. L. Sanders, W. H. Mytinger, A. R. Schackleton, H. F. Kratz, R. L. Oblinger, W. M. Beam, A. W. Rigenburgh, F. H. Hurst, E. L. Slagle. More Juniors W. D. Croft, E. Maurey, R. C. Potter, E. S. Pavy, J. P. Smith, W. G. Carter, J. U. Graham, L. A. Nesius, M. F. Wildish, R. W. Huffman, W. E. Spreuer, C. E. Kramer, C. M. Ludwig, G. B. Meginnis, L. D. Bown, D. R. Rees, L. L. Holmes. J. R. May, J. 0. South, R. A. Fink, H. V. Glendening, J, W. Cochrun, R. H. Conklin, E. G. Hobbs, H. W. Kashner, L. L. Bushong, R. B. Fugate, J. B. Jackson, S. D. Weldy, R. R. Cooper, F. E. Franz, W. F. Berg, K. L. Mullholland, C. K. Milner. G. R. Frye, R. W. Viehe, W. M. Gibbs, J. J. Haiges, R. S. Lukenbill, R. E. Stradling, D. W. Hallstein, R. L. Polley, D. L. Brubeck, S. P. Steinbach, G. E. Bruington, H. E. Meeker, H. S. Laycock, C. Boyd, H. S. Jewett, R. E. Potts, R. L. Colby. And Still More R. N. Speier, B. S. Hegg, B. H. Burns, F. S. Bremer, W. R. Ott, H. A. Brehmer, 0. E. Griest, F. Hershey, C. J. Ecterling, F. B. Kuchinsky, H. 0. Monson, R. Obenchain, P. T. Cooper, G. M. Garcina, W. E. Wagar, J. Anderson, J. L, Simmons. H. K. Clark, E. N. Stiver, F. B. Kelsey, G. G. Burke, L. L. Wells, H. S. Williams, .J. A. Dupps, M. L. Meier, U. L. McConnel, W. E. Unger, E. L. Molzahn, J. W. Benjamin, L. W. Archibald, D. C. Law, F. G. Fultz, N. S. Pliner, T. A. Weldon. C. F. Sopcak, R. C. Stroup, R. P. Witt, R. I. Coppes, W. A. Hardesty, P. H. Wolfard, T. A. Harris, L. E. Havener, A. G. Bale, W. M. Hilt, A. F. Vogel, A. J. Golden, C. V. Gagen, G. A. Godsey, J. I. Dean, A. G. Schuber, H. Frazee. J. Messmore, R. P. Seal, F. N. Prater, W. B. Strong, 0. J. Henderson, L. E. Lucas, P. J. Diffley, F. S. Hallett, J. M. Rice, G. W. Smith, R. A. Durbin, W. J. Meek, J. W. Munk, J. E. Dailey, H. W. Heubner, J. C. Smalley, W. J. Tornehl. F. B, Hartman, G. W. Breuer, H. W. Soderstrom, G. J. Nicklas, B. H. Coffman, A. H. Exton, R. A. Baske, C. F. Lutz, C. R. Pandel, E. H. Roepstorff, W. B. Loeffler, B. Tibbetts, L. M. Garprich, W. E. Madden, L. E. Freyman, R. Jenkins, and R. S. Nail. E. A. McClintock and J. 1. Saltzstein were listed at no relative rank.
mission of its customers. Present expenses of the Exchange are being paid by interest which has accrued on a $1,300 trust fund left by the class of 1931 to “create a student book store.
Cost of running the Exchange exceeds the annual interest, however, and next year a commission may have to be levied in order to continue the Exchange. The $1,300 trust fund principal cannot be used, against the day when Purdue may organize a year-round student book store.
FOR SALE—Foth Derby F :3.5 lens ; lens cap: sun-shade: case. All for $16 cash. Equipment in good condition. Call Nutkowitz, 7724, or write Box 406.
Exponent Staff; Meeting of all editorial men who desire to work on the staff this semester in the tower room of the Union at 7:30 Thursday night, February 2. —HARDIN.
Student Senate: Senators please report to Sully Mason or,'myself, for duty on Book Exchange in the Union Ballroom at 10 a. m. Come in whenever you have some spare time. (2-6) —ELLIOTT.
Zouaves: Those who have not yet obtained their keys please call at 219 Waldron before Friday, February 3. —ECHTERLING.
Skull and Crescent: Meeting at 7:80 p.ni. Thursday, February 2, in room O of the Union Building. —HALL.
Zouaves: Meeting of all members of the Purdue Order of Zouaves on Monday, February 6, at 4 o’clock in the armory. —HURST.
Purdue Camera Club: Date for acceptance of prints for the traveling exhibit has been postponed for two weeks. Please do not take prints to Union office until later notice. (2-6) —HADBEN.
MISCELLANEOUS
Alpha Zeta: Meeting in room F of the Union at 7 :30 tonight, February 1. —STONAKER.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
ROOMS FOR RENT
FOR RENT: Two single rooms near campus. Phone 2816.
Exponent Work Schedule: Workers for today, February 1, are: Woodson, night editor ; Massey, issue editor ; Miers, proof ; Taylor, McKeighan, Kennedy, Fletcher, Skallerup, Sweeny, Bosart, workers. Thursday : Insley, night editor: Houston, stooge; Leber, issue; Thompson, proof; MelCee, Dower, Schlossberg, Kuffner, Sears, J. Mueller, workers. —HARDIN.
Modern Dance Group: Important rehearsal today, February 1, at 1:30 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. Everyone be present. —SICKMAN.
Exponent Co-ed Staff: There will be a meeting of all members of the staff who want to work this semester at 4 o’clock Wednesday, February 1, in room E. —McKEE.
Three other large universities have followed Purdue’s lead in developing a student Book Exchange, or have modified their plans more closely along Purdue’s lines. These developments result from the comprehensive Purdue Book Exchange “survey” which wa^s circulated last year, Mason said.
FOR RENT—Vacancy for male student—■ board optional. 117 Chauncey. Phone 2722.
FOR RENT—Modern furnished sleeping rooms with kitchenette, running hot water, steam heat, good location for students. Phone 71201.
WAA Class Volleyball: Call out Friday, February 3, at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Gym. All intramural participants are eligible. This is a compulsory meeting for ail interested. —McKEE.
HAYS JEWELRY CO.
EAST SIDE OF SQUARE F1]VE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
WANTED—Roommate for senior in quiet comfortable room. Ten dollars. Phone 2086.
Catalyst Club: An important meeting will be held at 8:30 today, February 1, in Heavilon Hall. —CRAIG.
FOR RENT—One double room with single beds for men students. Also, one half of double room to share with student. 403 Maple. Phone 76062.
The University of Michigan is starting an exchange this semester
FOR RENT—One double room, automatic water heater. 464 Maple St., W. L. Phone 4988.
Camera Club: The final entry date for prints in the traveling exhibit is February 16. Prints must be into the Union office by that date. Members having lockers in the darkroom please empty them as soon as possible. The darkdoom is closed indefinitely because of construction work on the Union. —HEDDEN.
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REiSNER
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do It well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
• Professional
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.D.S. HAROLD J. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S. Schultz Building 4h and Main Phone 5701
R. j. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Florists
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
^ Right Combination
is Chesterfield
ifouYe iidJinq 3Iore Smoking Pleasure By combining (blending together) the right
kinds of mild, ripe American and aromatic Turkish tobaccos, Chesterfield brings out all their fine smoking qualities and gives you a cigarette that’s outstanding for mildness...
for aroma ... for taste.
When you try them you will know why Chesterfields give millions of men and women more smoking pleasure . . .
why THEY SATISFY
esterfield
.,,the blend that cant be copied ...the RIGHT COMBINATION of the world*s best cigarette tobaccos
Copyright 1939, Liggett & Myers Tobacco Co.
Xn IT. L) *
<r\