' ‘>1 -17’'',“ , " "f’ i'^ 'S ■I'J’iV i| >' i X !-■“ 1 jW
) f 1
®he P>urilue I£xp0rt£‘iTt
Read Daily By 5,000 Students Of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVni
LAFAYETTE, JNDIANA, WEDNESDAY. JUNE 2,
NUMBER 165
Amelia Earhart Hops Today For Venzuela
Memorial Da^y Services Held For War Dead
“A day not only of memories but of inspiration,” said Dr. Stanley Coulter, dean emeritus of the University, in referring to Memorial Day at services held Sunday afternoon in Fowler Hall. Introduced by President E. C. Elliott, Dr. Coulter spoke on “The Meaning of Memorial Day.” H. W. Hughes and James Shoemaker, undergraduate student leaders spoke briefly. The Roll of Honor of Purdue’s World War dead was decorated and a floral wreath was placed on the grave of John Purdue.
Appoint Mrs. R. Stewart State AAUW Treasurer
Announcement has been made of the appointment of Mrs. R. B. Stewart to fill the unexpired term of Mrs. Karl F. Ritter as treasurer of the Indiana division of the Ameiican Association of University Women. Mrs. Stewart is at present the president of the Lafayette A. A. A. U. W.
EXPONENT WORK SCHEDULE
Those who will work tonight are: Hardin, night ed; Vance, stooge; Paarlberg, issue ed.; and Richey, Frederick, Tafel, and Farquhar. Workers for Friday night are: Stanback, night ed.; Schroeder, stooge; Terrio, issue ed.; and Mueller, Olson, Dyer, Estey, and Woodson. Any staff member may be called upon to work on the night of Monday, June 7, unless he sees me before the evening of June 4. Any staff member who is unable to work on the nights appointed for him must get a substitute. The list of workers for June 7 will appear in Saturday’s Exponent. —BROCK.
Amelia Reaches San Juan; Clipping Off First Lap Of Globe-Circling Flight
By W. F. O’Reilly (Copyright 1937 N. Y. Tribune) San Juan, Porto Rico, June 1— Amelia Earhart landed at Pan American Airways field here at 12:30 p. m. (CST), completing the first hop of 1,033 miles of her second attempt to fly around the world at the equator. Accompanied by her navigator, Captain Fred Noonan, she made the flight in the leisurely time of 7 hours and 34 minutes. Headwinds retarded the twin-mo-tored monoplane toward the end of the journey. Among the spectators who was on hand to greet Miss Earhart was the Caribbean flyer, Clara Livingstone, at whose home near San Juan she was to pass the night; Miss
Catherine Winship, niece of Governor Blanton Winship, and Walter Cope, the Governor’s secretary. Crowd Surrounds Flyer A crowd of youngsters surrounded the flyer when she stepped down from her “Flying Laboratory” and she good-naturedly consented to write autographs. After she had tossed off a dozen or so, however, she told the remaining autograph hunters to leave their papers at the Pan American Airways office and she would sign all before leaving here. Youngsters without paper toured the crowd begging for envelopes or “anything you can write on” so that they might not miss getting the famous signature.
Lieutenant Governor Schricker Will Speak At Field Day, Picnic
Lieutenant Governor Shricker has been scheduled to speak at the annual field day and picnic June 17, it was announced by Harry Reed, assistant director of the University experiment station and superintendent of the outlying experimental farms. As yet, the location has not been determined definitely; but the picnic will be held either at the Moses Fell Annex or at the University experimental farm located five miles west of Bedford. University staff members will spend the morning in conducting groups of farmers around the farm, explaining the experimental results with new varieties of crops, methods of fertilization, orchard management methods, livestock feeding and management, and other lines of work included in the experimental projects. Special Programs In the afternoon, following the picnic dinner, the Lieutenant Governor will deliver his address. Speciatiirograms will be given for the visiting women by members of the home economics extension staff.
Rates On Union Rooms Up 25% Next Semester Rates for single rooms in the Union Club will be raised next semester, it was announced by L. M. Valleljy, manager. The new rate of $125 per semester payable in five installments, is an increase of $25 over the present rate. Single rooms for the summer session will cost $50, payable in installments of $15 on June 17 and July 1 and $20 on August 1.
Coroner Wants To Find Eye Witness Of Fatal Tipton County Accident Coroner Herbert Morris of Tipton county is trying to locate a Purdue student who witnessed an automobile collision at the intersection of roads 28 and 31 in that county about three weeks ago. The crash resulted in the death of one of the persons involved, and Coroner Morris wants to get additional information before passing his verdict. The student is requested to get in touch with Morris or with ■ R. J. Dearth, of Theta Chi fraternity.
Radio Course Will E^eature Actual Broadcasting
Problems met in planning and producing radio programs will be covered in detail in a special intensive unit course on radio broadcasting to be offered as part of the regular University summer session, June 17 to July 8. Blanche Young, supervisor of radio education for the Indianapolis Public Schools, will direct the course which will be offered for the first time this summer. The course will cover the organization and administration of a broadcasting station, script writing, program development, production techniques, microphone techniques, and methods of utilization of radio in the community and the school. One of the features of the course will be an actual broadcast over the University station, WBAA, when special provision will be made to accommodate students enrolled in the course for both group and individual presentations.
Robert Lloyd, Ch.E. ’37, Wins Language Award
Robert Lloyd, senior in the school of chemical engineering, has been awarded a six-volume set of Goethe’s works by the modern language department for his outstanding classroom work. Lloyd has received a grade of H in each of the nine modern languages courses he has taken. The award is given by the Carl Schurz Foundation, and is made through the department of modern languages.
Smith Will Lecture On European Travels
Carl Smith, Crawfordsville, will lecture on his European travels tomorrow evening at 7:30 in room C of the Memorial Union Building. Smith’s travels have taken him to the continent three times and have brought him in contact with many important personalities.
Small Field Causes The Change In Flyer’s Plans
By Amelia Earhkrt (Copyright 1937, N. Y. Tribune Inc) San Juan, Porto Rico, June 1—The 1,033 miles, mostly over ocean flying, which is the first leg of the eastward journey from Miami, is now behind us. At about 1:30 p. m. (EST) we landed here at San Juan. Early tomorrow, if all goes well, we will continue south. I had hoped to attempt a non-stop
Blanche Young, Indianapolis educator in the field of radio, will direct a summer school short course in radio broadcasting at the University. .
PUBLICATION SCHEDULE
Because of final examinations only three more issues of the Exponent will be published this semester. These issues will appear tomorrow, June 5, and on June 8. The June 8 issue was omitted by mistake from the publication schedule printed in last week’s issues. The first issue of the summer session Exponent will appear June 17.
flight directly from here to Paramaribo, Dutch Guiana. However, the condition of the flying field IS such that it probably would not be the part of wisdom to attempt to take off with sufficient gasoline for that flight. So, as matters stand, instead we will make the short jump to Carapito, in Venezuela. Then, tomorrow or the next day, we will keep on to Paramaribo, and eventually Natal, beyond which lies the much flown South Atlantic. We left the Miami Municipal Airport at 5:56 a. m. (EST) today. For 13 minutes we climbed slowly swinging southerly on our course toward Puerto Rico. Beautiful in the early morning light was the curving line made when blue waters of the Gulf stream met the aquamarine of the shoal waters off Miami’s coast. Now and then I thought we glimpsed the shadowy outlines of large fish, dark against the pale sands of the beach. Legend has it that sailfish are found thereabouts. I say legends because I tried unsuccessfully one day last week to capture one. To me their existence is thus far merely hearsay. Shortly after 6 o’clock two ships were visible. It was then beneath us, when everything in the cockpit was properly set and working quite smoothly. I tuned in Miami’s radio station WQAM which was broadcasting every hour a summary of weather condition which lay before us, as prepared by Pan-American efficient meteorologists. My own schedule called for a broadcast each 30 minutes and at quarter past and quarter to the hour. My penciled log records that off (Continued on page 4)
FINAL EXAMINATION SCHEDULE
Purdue University
Schedule of Semester Examinations Second Semester, 1936-1937
Senior Classes End Saturday, May 29, 12 M., Other Classes End Tuesday, June 1,5 P. M.
‘ The following abbreviations are used for departments and buildings:
AD—Applied Design AE—^Agricultural Engineering Ag—Agriculture AgCh—Agricultural Chemistry Agron—Agronomy AH—Animal Husbandry AM—Applied Mechanics B—Biology ChE—Chemical Engineering Chem—Chemistry CE—Civil Engineering C&T—Clothing and Textiles DH—Dairy Husbandry EA—Engineering Administration Ec—Economics Ed—Education EE—Electrical Engineering Engl—English Ent—^Entomology FMgt—Farm Management F&N—Fopds and Nutrition For—^Forestry G—Michael Golden Shops GE—General Engineering Geol—Geology ~ Gov—Government Heav—^Heavilon Hall Hist—^History HA—-Home Administration HE—Home Economics Hort—Horticulturd"
IM—Institution Management Math—Mathematics ME—^Mechanical Engineering ML—Modern Languages MM—Materia Medica MT—Military Training PE—Physical Education for Men PEW—Physical Education for Women Phar—Pharmacy PhC—Pharmaceutical Chemistry Phys—Physics Poul—Poultry PM—Practical Mechanics Pur—Purdue Hall Rec—Recitation Building SC—Stanley Coulter Hall Sm—Smith Hall Univ—University Hall No. 2—^Building No. 2 The examination will be taken only at the time indicated in the schedule except in case of conflicts for irregular students. Any such conflicts must be adjusted by consultation with the instructor in charge before the opening of examinations. Examination periods for graduate courses should be arranged with instructor if they are hot scheduled. ♦Examinations will be held in the same rooms in which the divisions regularly reqite. Period 5 WEDNESDAY, JUNE 2, 8-11 A. M. Course Divisions Boom AD 60 All * AD 106 AH, * AH 115 __-,„All * B4 All SO 203 B 113 All « B 137 All SC 211 Chera 116 —^li Chem 106 Chem 280 ...AH * Ee 12 D Bee 318 EE 146 AH •
Engl 131 All * Engl 135 —.All * Ent 32 All * FMgt. 4 AH Agl04 Geol 122 - All Heav 202 IM 36 All * ME 173 All... EE 129 ML 170a All * PEW 81 All * Phys 105 All * Period ‘6 WEDNESDAY, JUNE 2, 1-4 P. M. Course Divisions Boom AT) All * AE 13 .""IIaIiIIIII"""."AE^i,'202 Agron 22 AH Ag 206,209 Agron 124 —AH * B 133 AH * ChE 137 AH • ChE 223 AH Heav 109 Chem 2 BA,BB Ed 201 Chem 2 BaBM Ed 101 Chem 264 —All Chem 3^ CE 6 A,B SC 211 CE 6 C,D ME 108 CE 6 E.F ME 207 CE 6 G,H CE308 CE 6 I,J CE201 CE222 AH CE301 Ec 1 F Bee 313 Ed 2a C- Ed 203 Ed 17 B * Ed 123 _„,_-AH * EE 20 I-L.N,XN, XNA EE 129,134 EE 23 ..All EE 254 EE 225 2-All J®254 EE 230 AH * Engl 112 —All Univ 102 Engl 116 —C,D Engl 137 AH • Ent 6 All * F&N 12 ^All * For 10 lAll-—. * For 29 All Sm 112 ML 127a All * ML 167 AH * MT 6 A,B Arm 108 MT 6 C,D Arm 105 MT 6 E,F Arm 104 MT 6 G,H Arm 201 MT 16 ^AH Arm 202 PE 22 AH Ed 208 PE 42 All Ed 204 PE 185 .AH Ed 202 PhC 222 AH
Phys 2 -
A.Q
G301
Phys 2 .
B,N,0,R
G201
Phys 2 .
C,D,G,H
ME 103
Phys 2 .
EL
—Chem 106
Phys 2 -
EM
G303
Phys 2 _
1,W 5—.
Phys 202
Phys 2 _
J,X
GlOl
Phys 2 _
K—
ME 3
Phys 2 -
—S,Y a
CE 101
Phys 22
A,N,Q
G301
Phys 22
B,0,P.R.
G201
Phys 22
C,K
ME 3
Phys 22
D,P,M
G303
Phys 22
EL
...Chem 106
Phys 22
G,I.W
—Phys 202
Phys 22
H,J,X
GlOl
Phys 22
S.T,U.V,Y
G102
PM 110
All
«
Period 7 * THURSDAY, JUNE 3, 8-11 A. M.
Course
Divisions
Boom
AgCh 142
—AH
«
AE 11 —.
.—A.B
lAE 201,202
Agron 2 —
—AH
*
AH 23 —
—All
«
AH 140 -
—AH
A.g206
B 108 —
—AH .
SC 203
B 121 -
—All
SC 211
B 131 -
—All
ChE 128 „
—All
*
ChE 133 „
—All
Chem 118
—A-F_
Ed 101
C&T 13a -
—AH
Ec 12
A
ME 3
Ec 12
B
SC 14
Ec 118 —
—AH——
Bee 313
Ec 121 —
—A
:.G101
Ed 108
—All
«
EE 6 -
—AH
*
EE 109 —
—AH
«
EE 175 —
—AH
«
Engl 3 —
—C,D
«
Engl 116 -
—A.B
♦
Engl 121 .
—A.B
*
Engl 121a
—AH
«
Ent 1 —
AH
FMgt. 1 „
AH
JVglOS
F&N 22 „
.—AH
HE 202,213
For 31 —
—AH
GE 105 —
AH
ME 108
Gov 109 -
...AH
—Ed 201
Hist 1 —
.—A
Phys 200
Math 1 —
A,B
Math 1
XA
Bee 225
Math 2 —
—A-G —
♦
Math 3 —
Math 3 XA Rec 227 Math 14 A Math 120 AH ♦ ML 22 AH EE 129 ML 62 AH ME 207 Phar 137 All *
Period 8 THURSDAY, JUNE 3, 1-4 P. M.
Course Divisions Boom AD 52 AH Ed 101 Agron 11 —AH ALg206;209 Agron 134 —AH ^10^104 AM 2 EH,XH,J, , XJ EE 129 B 39b --.-AH SCSai B 41 AH S014 B 118 AH .-_SC2n ChE 117 AH * ChE 129 AH Heav 202 CE 23 AH * C&T 23 -—^.All HE 109,115 Ec 11 C,XC Phys 202 Ec 20 AH i — • Ec 134 AH * Ed 2a B Ed 201 Ed 4 D Ed 35 AH Ed 209 Ed 178 AH EE^ # Engl 13 AH FMgt 3 AH ^OB201 GE 104 A ME 108 Hist 15 —.—AH Hist 107 B Ed 208 HA 171 All HE202 IM 139 All- .HEmiQS Math 1 E,FMath 2 CKU * Math 2 V Beolil Math 4 V,XV,W,X Math 222 AH ME 142 AH ME 193 AH ML 130a AH PEW 98 AH Z Z* Phar 26 AH .ZZ.ZZZZ-ZZZZ* PhC 16 m— ..ZZj gr.?::-:--r -I PM la s
A
^ ^ ™
35
f
V t A .J
|.)r: k;.
' 'J'v;,"
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Eift ^urbue exponent
Poniided in 1883
I
RBPRKaKNTKO PON NATIONAt. ADVBRTISINa BY National Advertising Service, Inc Colltgr Prnbtishm Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York. N.Y. CHICAOO . BOSTON . SAN FRANCISCO Los ANOEUBB - PORTLAND - SEATTLE MEMBER ^aeciated ^oUegiate '^ress
'KnfATMl as ■Acond elasB matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indian^ Delivered ^ ■»»« per year; dcliTcred by carrier, $2.B0 per yeM jjold by a 8ingle copy, 2
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
Business Phone 50S8
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
Editor-in-Chief Managing Editor.. Associate Editors..
Bold and Black Editor
EDITORIAL STAFF „ „ „ • J. E. Brock DrArBaiiey, L. S. C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Beth McCool
BUSINESS STAFF
Business Manager - Assistant Business Manager National Advertising Manager.. Local Advertising Manager Circulation Manager
D. C. Miller J. P. Girard _...W. J. Gillilan R. R. Hensler M. C. Reeves
Editor Associate Elditors..
SPORTS STAFF . R. F. Obenchain j7s. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
Editor Associate Editors..
WOMEN'S STAFF ^ i _ Elizabeth Pyke ."..".Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee
Issue Editor—J. W. Richey.
Sun-Sense Now that summer seems to be here, a tendency on the part of many students is to bask in the sun for several hours at a time and to get their summer tan as quickly as possible. This tendency is all right for some, but in many cases it results only in a very painful burn for those who have a lighter complexion. Since final examinations are so close at hand, we should guard our health more carefully than at any other time during the semester, as five months of work may^ be ruined by a poor final. The climatic conditions place a great handicap upon us during these last few weeks, without hindering us further by the physical pain brought on by a severe sunburn. Sunlight is one of mankind’s greatest assets; but like many of our natural servants, it, too, may be harmful if not used in moderation. The best and easiest method of obtaining a sun tan is by starting out with short exposures and, as the skin gradually develops a resistance to the rays, increasing the length of time. So as the days grow balmier, as the temperature goes higher, and as finals draw nearer, remember the painful burns that you probably have experienced in the past before you decide to get a tan by lying in the sunlight all afternoon—^K. C. H.
A Sure Cure For Cribbing
You have to hand it to our perennial cribbers. As the professors become more hawk-eyed and wary each year, our cribbers become more expert and versatile. Whatever safeguards the professor may evoke to prevent cheaters from taking an unfair advantage of their fellow students, the cribbers always invent some subterfuge to meet the crisis and emerge several points ahead of their more honest or more cautious classmates. Of course, it may be reasonably held that examinations have never proved anything, but that quarrel is with the educational system and can hardly be construed as a defense of cheating. If there are to be examinations—and that seems certain— it is equally certain that there will be cheating. The way to attack cheating is not through an appeal to the student’s sense of honesty which nears the vanishing point with “F” grades staring them in the face. The way, it appears, is to eliminate all the subterfuges. Accomplishing this is not as difficult as it may seem. There is reason to believe that stripping each student to the buff, relieving him of all mechanical contrivances such as ear trumpets, trap-door rings ,etc., wherein he might secrete notes, and testing him orally in a telephone booth might remedy some of the more flagrant evils, —The Daily Trojan.
Hockema Made Head Of University Club Professor Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the president, has been eleceted president of the Purdue University Club for the coming year, succeeding Dr. Robert Phillips of the history, government, and economics department. Professor F. C. Gaylord of the horticultural staff has been named vice-president and Professor Helen Hazelton, head of the department of physical education for women, has been named sepretary-treasurer.
Dr. Young Speaks At Ag Luncheon Dr. jp. C. Young, of the University’s farm management department, presented an explanation of the economic factors and forces affecting currencies, supply and demand for gold, foreign trade, and price relationships before 90 members of the University's agricultural staffs at Lincoln Lodge Monday noon. Dr. Young traced the history of various relationships in prices over periods of years down to the present day developments. As he propo«i»d to acquaint the staffs with the current economic tendencies, his remarks, for the most part, were
confined to the general economic situation. George Enfield, chairman of the committee in charge of arrangements, presided over the program and announced the following committee for next luncheon, which will be held sometime in September: H. 0. Deay, chairman; Russell Shipman; S. F. Thornton; and Miss Ivor Semphill.
Varsity Niue Noses Out Frosh Team In Final Inning Purdue’s sophomore and junior Varsity baseball men defeated their frosh followers Saturday afternoon on Russell Field by scoring four runs to the yearlings’ three. Frosh Strong Providing the final curtain for this year’s season, the freshmen held the varsity to a low score and kept an even pace with them in the scoring until the last of the ninth. In this fatal inning the veterans filled up the bases and pushed across the winning run. The outlook for next year’s varsity crew .was considerably enhanced as the frosh exhibited their form and strength. The score: Frosh 010 110 000—3 Varsity 101 100 001—4
Co-Ed its
Co-eds who must work during the summer to help complete their college education may not realize it but they are fortunate girls. Why ? Because they gain the ever necessary experience which employers demand. When this independent spirit hits a co-ed in her junior year, she sincerely wants a job. At this time the assest of practical experience can clearly be noted. She finds that girls who have had to earn money previously have preference over her for even/ such broadening experience as ^working as a waitress or store clerk. Dean Stratton on May 8 described to visiting mothers the stages in a co-ed’s college life. She declared that a girl in her junior year wanted a job during the summer, that she desired to get away from her. family, and she affected independence. A co-ed in this particular phase is startled to find her personal feelings so mechanically catalogued. However, she is more surprised to find possible summer employers asking for experience, that thing which she is lacking. Do these specific reasons explain why the co-ed who must help herself is the lucky loser? If a sophomore or freshman feels the urge to get a job, she should follow up this hankering for she will definitely benefit.
University Students To Join Expedition; Hunt Oil, Indians, Dinosaurs D. P. Morse, of Indianapolis, a junior in the mechanical engineering school, and D. W. Williamson, Chicago, 111., a junior in the forestry school, will leave New York on June 22 with a major scientific expedition to the southwest, it was announced yesterday by Dr. Charles Del Norte Winning at the Explorer’s Club in New York City. Dr. Winning, field director of the kainbow Bridge-Monument Valley expedition, has been selecting the personnel of the expedition, which will include 40 scientists, ai’tists, photographers, and others. The party will leave New York City in a motor caravan on June 22 and plans to return by September 5.
Co-op Book Shop Will Remain Open 2 Weeks J. E. Lugberg, chairman of the committee in charge of the co-op book exchange at the Wesley Foundation House, said last night, “Although the book exchange was inactive on its opening day, we expect it to do quite a bit of business after finals, when the students are all through with their books.” He also stated that the book exchange will stay open throughout the next two weeks, between the hours of 4-5 and 7-8 in the evening. . The exchange, at present, is limited to members of the Purdue Student Alliance, the Wesley Foundation, and the student co-operative eijiterprises. It will be open for those attending the summer session and will open again in September.
LYLE E. FISHER Watchmaker This is all we do, but we do it well Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
Aeronautical University mpemmgM GoTernment Approved state Accredited VmIII CoUreea in; AERONAUTICAL liiSia!l ENGINEERING ............. Dejrree) Licensed Mechanics , . Administration Day and Eveninv Courses in all Aeronautical subjects. Credits granted for subjects previously taken. Wonderful opportunities in a rapidly expanding industry. A. U. graduates employed by all leading aviation lines and companies. Write or call for FREE Booklet “AVIATION AS A CAREER." . Aeronautical University Curtiss-Wright Bldg. Dept. P. E.. 1338 S. Michigan Ave. Chicago. Td. Vletory 2788.
r
INDIANA LAW SCHOOL Of Indianapolis (Established 1894) Conforming with rules of Indiana Supreme Court and American Bar Association. 322 State Life Bldg. INDIANAPOLIS. INDIANA
FINALS ARE HERE everyone knows that . . .
but
First Co-ed—What’s the difference between a parlor and an ATO ? Second Co-ed—When the ATO is lit up he’s full. Ayhen the parlor is lit up, it’s empty. DU WUELTICH has turned the fish prize over to HUMPHREYS . . it seems that he insists on trying to go with-VI DAMMEYER . . . LAST edition of MORON’S DICTIONARY: Gym ... a valuable jewel. H. G. Wells . . . where mercui'y is mined. Fodder . . . that’s my pop. Molar solution . . . two back teeth in a glass of water. Course . . . centers of apples. Bond ... a small lake. Circle . .. round straight line with a hole in the middle. Fence , j . football rooters. —AL. The Sigma Chi’s finally got a man into office . . . SCHUMACHER was unanimously elected Prexy of the Camera Club . . . congrats . . . Chi O GRIMM—I’ve got the
SUDDEN “service
P
RINTING OlIicB SlallonBry . . *97Bddliifl Invllailoiis
PHONE "■ *dB» Bool«,Ete..= , '>.2 6 2 8 CASSEL'S dOBifERllV
I4MILYLAST DAY Betty Furness
“Fair Warning” —and— Henry Fonda Annabella in “Wings of the Morning’
THUR. — FRI. — SAT. Charles Starrett in “Two Gun Law” —and— Roscoe Karns in “Night of Mystery”
LAST DAY in Technicolor
TOMORROW — FRIDAY — SATURDAY Miriam Hopkins > Joel McCrea in “Woman Chases Man”
cutest niece. TREES—Yeah, I couldn’t help noticing them. HOW’S ABOUT IT? Apples are round, Pencils are thin. If you don’t like my jokes Send better ones in.
Don’t be too disappointed, but there won’t be a B and B in tomorrow’s issue . . . too many finals . . . To the two boys who didn’t get their MARS PASSES last Saturday . . .they’re there now, so take ’em away . . .
LAST DAY
¥ TOMORROW — FRIDAY — SATURDAY George Bancroft
“Racketeers in Exile” —and— Sally Blane in ‘The Great Hospital Mystery’
Cool for Your Comfort
MAid
TODAY Double Feature Come and See the Fun!
Lloy(iC.Douglas' haunting story brought to flank life by the^ screen's newest roGonticidoiii £RROi. FLYNN ANITA J.OUISE" GREEIiLIGHF MARGARET LINDSAY SirCEDRIC HAROWJCKE Waller Abel - Henry O'Neill News — Cartoon
STARTS TOMORROW Double Feature
Preston foster In • Outcast of Poker Flats
High Hat
with
Frank Luther
Dorothy Dare
S
D
S
m
m
meaning
Auto
^Service
m
m
a
m
1
6th at Alabama 24 hour ServiceV }t! I V, 3»’■ Wednesday, June 2,1937
T—7"
THE PUBDUE exponent
New Coach To Join Staff In September Claude C. Reeck, director of athletics and head football coach at Clinton, la., high school for the past SIX years, will be added to the University athletic staff next fall as assistant freshman football coach, head wrestling coach, and instructor m physical education, it was announced yesterday by director of athletics Noble E. Kizer. Wrestling Restored The addition of Reeck to the staff, along with the completion of the field house and men’s gymnasium will make possible the restoration of wrestling to the list of intercollegiate sports at Purdue after a lapse of some years. Reeck introduced wrestling as a competitive sport at Clinto seven years ago. In the seven years, his teams have lo^t only five meets with an average schedule of eight meets per year In this year’s Midwest A A U tournament, one of his wrestlers took championship honors, while at least two of his proteges have won first or second honors in each of the stafe tournaments which Clinton has competed.
Phi Psrs Take Lead In Participation Trophy Contest With the finals of the class “B” inter-fraternity tennis doubles the only event left on the mtra-mural schedules for the year, a compilation of the participation points has shown that the race for first place IS truly a neck and neck proposition. The question is whether the Phi Psi’s will be undisputed winners of the trophy, or will have to share their title with the Phi Belts. The Phi Psi’s have closed their record of point winnings and have a total of 646, but the Phi Belt’s have 641 points now, and will get three more if they lose this doubles match. However, should they win, they will be awarded five points, thus giving them a tie for first if they beat out the Beta’s in their match which will be held later this week.
ielder’s.... ....choice --By Bill Fifield —
4
Fuente Wins Two Tournaments In One Week Of Tennis Herb Fuente, Sigma Alpha Mu freshman, won his second tennis tourney in a week when he beat W. F. Berg 8-6, 6-2, yesterday in the finals of freshman tennis. Last Fri day Fuente gained the first victory when he beat Berg 6-1, 6-2 in the finals of the interfraternity class “A” tournament. Two other tennis tournaments, the all-campus and the freshmanvarsity, were completed over the week-end H. H Moses, Tau Epsilon Phi junior, defeated K. E. Blessing, Cary Hall freshman, 6-4, 6 4, in the all campus tourney. In the freshman-varsity tournament, L Gardner, Tau Epsilon Phi junior, defeated L Brodsky 7-6, 6-4
Name Breslin As Valuable Player, Baseball Captain Thomas “Red” Breslin, of Shrewsbury, Mass., hard hitting third base man on Purdue’s baseball nine, has been doubly honored by his mates by being selected as the most valuable player to the squad for the aea son just closed, in addition to being elected captain of the 1938 com bination Breslin, a junior in the school of science, played 231 out of a possible 234 innings in 26 games, and as the most consistent hitter on the team compiled a batting average of .362 for the season. In Big Ten competition, he clouted the ball for a .378 average in 11 games, while in nonconference competition he compiled a .351 average in 15 games. He likewise played a steady game in the field
Plumbing, Heating, Water Softeners and Automatic Gas Heaters 33 Years in the Business DUNCAN & LARSON, INC. Phone 4450 1622 East Main
HA'YIS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
Red Breslin, from Shrewsbury, Mass., was elected captain of the 1938 Boilermaker baseball team . . he was also given the honor of being chosen the most valuable player on this year’s team ... Red plays third base and does a fair job of stopping the hard ones . . . Besides Red, 17 other men received their major letter in baseball this year.
—^fc—
Finishing first in the 220 yard low hurdles, second in the 120 yard high hurdles and in the high jump, and running on the relay team. Bob Lemen carried off the individual high scoring'honors with 11 1-2 points at the Indiana State meet . . . Bob never ran the hurdles against competition in high school...
—^fc—
Less than two seconds separated Wilbur Shaw of Indianapohs, the winner of the 500 mile race, from Ralph Hepburn as they came down the home stretch . . . Hepburn with three laps to go was 26 seconds be' hind Shaw ... at the start of the last lap there was just six seconds between the two drivers . . . Louis Meyer, the only three time winner, fimshed fourth . . . Jigger Johnson, the winner’s mechamc, has been on the job for 27 years .. . Shaw’s av erage for the grind was 113.580 miles per hour.
—^fc—
Hermon Phillips, Purdue’s new track coach, spends an interesting summer each year as camp director at the Pokagon Boys’! Camp on Lake James in the northeast corner of Indiana . . the camp is open from June 20 to August 29 ... As a possible senior track man next year and as a student in this University, I would like to see the students and track team give Phillips their support m an effort to improve the future Boilermaker track teams.
—^fc—
Hormer Warner, freshman pitcher, held the varsity to five hits last Saturday afternoon, but through a tough break, the frosh lost 4 to 3.
Lemen Takes High Honors In State Meet Bob Lemen, Purdue’s versatile track star, was high individual scorer in the Indiana State track meet held at Notre Bame last Saturday, as Indiana University walked off with the championship by scoring
73 points.
Purdue Third
Notre Bame came in holding second place honors in the final compilation with 48 points, and Purdue captured third with 22 Other scores were' Butler, 9; Ball State, 7; Oakland City, 2; Indiana Central, 2; BePauw, 1; and Earlham, 1. Purdue was in the lead early in the meet by virtue of Captain Williamson’s first place in the high jump, Lemen’s second in the same event, and Sine’s fourth in the pole vault, but the Boilermaker’s were soon outdistanced by the Irish and Crimson trackmen.
Lemen Scores
Altogether Lemen amassed 11 -2 points and came home bearing four medals attesting his skill in the high jump, the 220 yard low hurdles, which he won, the 120 yard high hurdles, in which he grabbed second place, and the mile relay. Other Purdue men "who came through and added points to the University’s total were Murphy, in the javelin; BeLong in the 220 yard dash; and the mile relay squad with Luther, Witwer, and Terhune. Bad luck befell Steve Gutting who was up with the leaders in the 120 yard high hurdles and was assured of placing until he hit one of the hurdles and lost his stride, causing him to lose out just when things looked the brightest. Indiana’s cinder squad established four new meet records as it swept to its Victory. Collier set two of them by turning in the times of .09 6 for the 100 yard dash, and 21 for the 220 Jimmy Smith of Indiana, ran the mile in the record time of 4 11 to beat out Bon Lash, who then came back in the two-mile to set the new
time of 9:17 5.
Indianapolis School Superintendent Dies Paul C. Stetson, age 52, super intendent of the Indianapolis pub he schools, died early yesterday morning of heart disease. Stetson has been head of the In dianapolis schools for eight years, coming from Bayton, O., where he held a similar position.
It‘s Yo ur Move!
... We made ours when we wrote this ad to tell you that consistent advertising in the EXPONENT is a cheaper and more logical k< method of reaching students, faculty, prospective student^, alumni, and townspeople. ... Now it’s your turn. Call 5038 and a representative from our advertising department will be pleased to call on and help you with any advertising.
^urbue exponent
STANBINGS
•k-kirkirk'k'k'k-k-kickifkifk'kiiieieifk'k
-National League—
Won
Lost
Pet.
Pittsburgh
23
12
.657
New York
24
15
.616
Chicago
22
16
.579
St. Louis
18
18
.500
Brooklyn
16
19
.457
Boston
15
19
.441
Philadelphia
16
21
.432
Cincinnati
11
25
.306
Give Letters In Six Sports' Letter awards to the members of Purdue’s varsity and freshman baseball, track, tennis, pistol, and golf squads were announced yesterday afternoon following the approval by the insignia board. In addition to the awards of letters to the members of the five spring sports teams, freshman varsity football numerals were awarded to five yearlings who did not receive the award last fall but displayed sufficient im provement during spring drill tj merit consideration. The complete list of letter awards by sports, follows:
Baseball
Major L«etters—C. R. Armon, A. J. Bredewater, A. R. Bredewater, J. B. Baker, G. J. Bartz, T. H. Breslin, R. H. Bean, S. J. Heiss, R H Lucas, J. C. Lyboult, P. B Malaska, C. R. Malysiak, C. E Mangas, O. W. Martin, N. P. Poulos, W. R. Rosser, J. L. Thompson, J. L. Waling. Minor Letters—^R. G. Ainslie, A. G. Botney, J. T. Boan, H. G. Krause, A. B. Lutgens, manager. Freshman Numerals—^E. W. Barry, H. W. Bremer, C. A. Brown, J. R. Buell, E. S. Eickelberg, B. L. Fisher, R. Gresham, E. R. Hardin, G. W Hearne, P. R. Holden, J M. Kurtz, J. K. Lord, H J. Lucas, J. H. McAfee, F. T. Mackiewicz, H E. Meeker, J. L Myers, R L. Oblinger, W. R. Ott, F. Smithson, M L Stamm, F. W. Ulrich, J. A. Walkey, R A^Wargo, H. E. Warner, E. L.
Yeager.
Track
Major Letters—-A. C. Bodeau, F. B Burmeister, W. E Curran, R. G. BeLong, J. E. Goory, A. R. Grant, S Gutting, A. P. Knapp, R. N. Lemen, B R. Long, S. G. Luther, R. B Marozick, J. F. Murphy, J. Sines, R R. Stewart, C. H Terhune, E J. Wadleigh, R. E Williamson. Minor Letters—^P. Z. Horton, E. J. Kelley, J. W. Mazur, C B Smith, B. B. Witwer, A. L. McColloum, manager. Freshman—Numerals—F. F. Beretta, C. W. Bunger, B. S. Campbell, R J. Cramer, R J. Beckard, J. J Benzler, E B. Bodd, J. E. Bougherty, B T. Fisher, C R Fuller, K. E. Gardner, E L. Kaniok, A. J Kochlas, W. H. Kohnen, W. T. Luce, L. L. Lyles, P. E. Oxley, A. F Raebel, R. P. Searle, J L Simmons, W. R. Stark, R B. Taylor, H. J Weseloh, R. P. Witt, A E Bachman, A. R\ Shackleton, N B Willey, F J. Winchell.
Tennis
Major Letters—L Gaidner, T. O
Track To Elect Captain Major lettermen in track will at 4 o’clock today in Coach Chvat Martin's office to elect next year's track captain. There are 18 major lettermen in track who received their letters at the recommendation of the insignia board. In addition six minor letters and 28 freshman numerals were
given.
Last year’s co-captains were Bob Williamson and E. Bluemel.
• In " '
Markel, Roper WiU Manage Track Team During 1937-38 Buring the track season of 193738 there will be two senior track managers for the first time, according to the announcements of appointments made last night. B. S. Markel, Sigma Nu, and G. W. Roper Sigma Phi Epsilon, jfill be the new semor managers. Junior managers will be R. C. Schlegel, Sigma Nu, and J W. Mackie, Phi Gamma Del-
ta.
Yesterday’s Results New York, 5; Brooklyn, 2, No other games scheduled.
—American League—
Won
Lost
Pet,
New York
23
12
.657
Cleveland
19
14
.576
Chicago
19
17
.543
Detroit
20
18
.526
Boston
16
15
-.516
Washington
17
20
.459
Philadelphia
15
18
.456
St. Loms
10
25
.286
Jackson, F Traylor, M Wakefield. Freshman Numerals—G. E. Alexander, W. F Berg, D. Blitz, R. F. Breen, A. W. Chaplme, P. T. Cooper, H. A. Fuente, J. E. Lentz Golf Major Letters—E. I. Anderson, E. J Blank, J. K. David, K. Freese, R. W. Smith. Freshman Numerals—E. G. Dearie, H. Goldstein, T. S. Hutchison, W J Sanders, F. T. Tully, L. T. Ware. Minor Letters—R. A. Baske, D. H. Meissner. Pistol Major Letters—J. M Baker, E. J. Baumbach, J. W. Greiner, P. B. Ewing, F. E. Gaiser, W. B. Waiverton, E N Cox, L K Schoon, R. C. Beckei, M E. Flater, M A. Ahlvin, G C Foxworthy, R W. McMurtire, F R Ferguson Freshman Football Numerals—E. A Brazauski, L. Fritz, P. D. Freeman, J. H Sabens, W. I. Thomas.
Scobee’s 6 REMBRANDT STUDIO Portraits Photo Supplies 105 Vine St. West Lafsyetts
R. J. BATH Watch Maker 608 Main Street
BOSSUNG Shoe Repair Shop in tiM VARSITY BOOT SHOP
Yesterday’s Results Cleveland, 4; Detroit, 3. Chicago, 8; St. Louis, 0. No other games scheduled.
The Risk Dental Clinic DB. PAUL A. UBK DK. HABOLD J. BISK DB. BOBBBT 6. BISB OB. LUTHBB A. BIBB 400 Schnlts Bldg. Phone 6701
CARBURETOR YELLO-BOLE
Mew way of bunung ti^coo better, cooler, deaner. Car-buretor-Action ooob smoke. Keeps bottom of bowl abso/ufe/y chyCaked with honey. At dealem’ now.
UPDRAFT
LATEST DISCOVERY
IN PIPES
I
We Carry a Complete Assortment of YELLO BOLE PIPES H. 6. (Deac) REISNER
YEAR END PARTIES AND GATHERINGS
You'll want your clotkes Crown Ci«ano4 and pressed for these events.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE Ck<ITNEt
\
-I(-H w ft j , >
1%"^ W ‘
JV)ar
THE PTJltDXlE tlWmm
i ' ” ' ) j " Wedn^d^^^^^Hll?
Wm:
Amelia Earhart Hops Off For Venzuela (Continued from page 1)
Freshmen Pause In Thoughts Of Retrospection
Andros we sighted a partly submerged wreck, mute testimony of a tragedy of long ago. Here cumulous clouds piled high, their shadows floating across the pale waters. Flying at a thousand feet, we sneaked beneath some of these cloud layers, and soon emerged again into brilliant sunshine. By mid-morning, Noonan estimated that we would reach San Juan by 10 minutes past one o’clock. I remember as few days ago when we flew across some 400 miles of the Gulf of Mexico, from New Orleans towards Florida. Then, far from land, he predicted we would sight Tampa at 12:10. Actually we made our land-fall one minute earlier. So I have come to have implicit faith m Noonan’s power of navi gational divination. What with such expert naviginal help and the flying assistance of the Sperry-Gyro-Pilot it does seem that my long-range flying is getting pretty sissy. The ease and friendliness of it all IS further accentuated by the marvelous help given by the
radio.
The reception, as so often with itinerant flyers, was supremely happy and friendly. I was greatly impressed with the courtesy and help-
fulness of the local officials.
Acting Governor Menendez Ramos, generously offered hospitality but I had made arrangements to impose myself upon a fellow pilot who IS accustomed to such strange habits as arising at 3 a. m , so I declined the Governor’s hospitable offer and am writing this now enroute to the nearby plantation of Miss Clara Livingston, who is one of the few private flyers on the island. Before leaving town we lunched with Mrs. Thomas Rodenbaugh, wife of the Pan-American
airpoi't manager here. Lockheed Performs Well
I’m glad to record that my Lockheed Electi’a is behaving in all ways as she should. The Wasp engines are functioning perfectly, as is my Sperry Gyro-Pilot, and my radio equipment. And now we look forward to our first glimpse of South Amei’ica tomorrow, if all goes well. (Herald Tribune Syndicate)
Nine months ago, over 2,000 of us freshmen trooped into the Memorial Gymnasium, enrolled in the University, and rose to sing “Hail, Purdue!”—our first tribute to our new alma mater. In a few days, we will have completed the first year of our college careers. One year of work and play . . . of study and recreation . . . friends .... fun . . . lessons . . . “college background.” Education, all
of it.
Well, what of it? Was it worth the effort? Will our schooling pay dividends? Do we see any plan or purpose or usefulness to this whirl of thought and action called a “college education?” We think so. We believe in educatidn or we wouldn’t have stuck it out for a whole year. We have chosen to invest our time and money in ourselves, for we feel that we are the best security for our own
investment.
College Still Looks Good And college still looks good to us after a year of it. A few shattered illusions, perhaps, and maybe a rankling wound or two, occasioned by adjustments we’ve had to make. We’ve gained a good, healthy respect for our own ignorance, which, as educators say, is the foundation for an education. Education still looks to us like the best way to prepare ourselves for that part of the world’s work we hope to accomplish. We claim to breathe a sigh of re lief when school is over, but we don’t really mean it. We’ll be back next yeai—see if we aren’t!
WBAA
-TODAY-
11 :00—Morning Melodies. 11:16—Pui;due Today. 11:30—Parade of Melody. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Farm Facts for Farm Folks, Glenn Sample. 12:16—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Vocational Guidance. 12:46—Market and Weather Reports. 1:00—Booknotes, Mrs. Josselyn. 1:16—National Parks. 1:30—Cathedral Echoes, Mrs. Irvm Jackson. 1:46—Edward Foley, piano.
Woman Killed In Auto Accident With Student Lakie Glendenning, a senior in the physical education school and captain of last year’s track team, was the driver of a car which collided with a car driven by Stanley Hatch of New Albany, yesterday morning, killing Mrs. Lillie Hatch, 49 of Sheffield, la., and injuring three other occupants of the Hatch car. The accident occurred on federal highway 52 one-half mile south of the Ben Hur filling station in Clinton County. Coioner James Kent said Hatch reported that as he attempted to pass Glendenning’s car it suddenly sweived over m his path. Hatch pulled off the pavement to avoid a collision but was unsuccessful.
Stepath Listed Among Senate Petitioners In yesterday’s Exponent, the name of M. D. Stepath, junior in the civil engineering school, was inadvertently omittfed from the list of the Student Senate petitioners.
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. Phone 2779.
Tutor—Mathematics and Applied Mechanics. C. H. Clevenger, M.S., 236 Harrison street, West Lafayette.
College Students Wanted — For sales and educational work. Salary and commission to start. Must have car to cover R. F. D. routes in northern Indiana. Personal supervision of sales training provided. Write for personal interview to George Hoopingarner, 109 N. Washington street, Warsaw, Indiana.
Wanted—Summer school student, 2 for room or one for room and board. 221 Waldron.
36 Name Cards—^25c. Choice of types, Kane’s Print Shop, 401 S. 29th street. Phone 6206.
Summer Guest Accemodatiens— Pdying guests in private heme on Lake Charlevoix, Mich. Enjoy the comfort and beauty of a northetn resort without intruding upon your friends or renting a cottage. Boating, bathing, fishing. Modern conveniences. Reasonable rates by the week or day. Details upon request. Address the Misses Latta, 1016 First street, W. Lafayette. ,
Wanted—Driving Savannah, Ga-, June 12th. Take two. References exchanged. Apply at once. Box No. 286 Purdue Exponent.
For Rent—Three-room furnished apartment for summer or year. Also student rooms for summer. 203 University street.
NOTICES No Noticeo Accepted After 8 p. m.
Scabbard and Blade—Call for membership certificates at the Phi Gamma Delta house. —BAKER.
N. Y. A. Workers—N. Y. A. checks for the period ending May 10 are now available in the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. —HOLLENSBEE.
A. S. M. E. Seniors—Get leWers from Eddie at instrument room in steam laboratory by June 4. —WELDY.
Skull and Crescent—Sophomores who
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
ordered kpys get them at the Sigma jPhi Epsilon House. Othets may order at any timp before June 8. —HARDIN. Purdue Plying dub—All elhip payments and fees must be in by JuneS . —DOSTAIi.
Engineering Stndents — Students Who have copies of Engineering Physical Mftallurgry may obtain additional pages after 4 p. m. Friday afternoon, June 4 m room 114 of Heavilon Hall. —HEYER.
Major Track Lettermen—^Meet at 4 p. m. June 2 in my office to elect next year’s track captain. —MARTIN,
Registration Workers—Students who wish to work for the registrar during September registration should file application at the registrar’s office before leaving town \ —STONE.
Gimlet—^Members may obtain Gimlet keys at the Sigma Chi house before June 6. —HODGDON
Wesley Foundation—Morning watch service at the foundation house June 3 at 7 :80. Rev. William McFadden will speak. —PARSONS.
Commencement Tickets—^Those who have asked for extra commencement tickets get them at the Union desk. —OHAVER
P. E. W.—All locks should be turned in and lockers emptied by June B, —HAZELTON
Scrivener Club—All members, old and new, report to Scrivener office between 1 and 6:30 p. m. June 3 for distribution of magazines. Those who have not yet turned in collections should do so at that time. —BROCK.
ROSES, reg. 75c 3 yr. old 29c each Grass Seed, 39^ lb. Lawn Fertilizers, $2.98 100c lbs. Eclipse and Pennsylvania Lawn Mowers. J. SPERB HPW. 822 Main
15 Frosh Jpin Staff Of The Purdue Engineer Fifteen freshmen engineers, interested in becoming members of the staff of the Purdue Engineer next year, met yesterday afteimoon in the Engineer office in the Memorial Union Building. Present staff members took the names and addresses of the candidates and made plans to contact them at the beginning of next year. They were partially organized into a staff, to start work on the first issue.
Duncan MarshaU To Speak At Ag Field Day Hon. Duncan Marshall, minister of agriculture for Ontario, Canada, and Arthur G. Street, English dairy farmer, will be the principal speakers at the annual field day to be held at the Purdue Soils and Crops Experimental Farm at the east edge of Lafayette on June 29, according to T. A. Coleman, acting du*ector of agricultural extension. Experimental crops will be studied at this time by the several thousand visitors who are expected to attend. The speakers will be heard at a picnic dinner to be held in the grove.
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Dorner’s Flower Shop Quality Flawera Main at 7tJi PIkhio 6050
General Machine & Boiler Work Welding and Grey Iron Castings McGrath Machine & Foundry South Third Street
The thIefchMt fdlew ealla A YELLOW V-8 FORD TAXI CAB Black Can for Speeial Occaaioiia tic per paaaciigcr any part af tha city Hta PHONES M71 YELLOW CAB CO.
SPABRENDAHL Merchant Tailor Hotel Fowler 4tli aiiMl Ferry
DR. A, M. IRION DENTIST 119^2 Vino West Lafayette Phono 4965
KEYS Keys for Trunks, door locks, Desk locks, Night latches and padlocks. Auto keys and Handle locks a specialty. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Phone 2828 209-11 N. 5th St.
C. CARTER for Mower Grinding and New Pennsylvania Lawnmowers. Bikes and l^ller Skates for Rent Phone 2291 State ft Main Sts., W. L.
PEDESTAL QUIET FAN GENERAL ELECTRIC
The best looking fan yon’vo. ever serai ' Throws it’s cooling breezes far and wide. May be placed anywhere to provide cool, refreshing ''omfort at the touch of a switch. • •Now on display in our store. Available in sizes: SMALL, MEDIUM, LARGE. Prices eteft HUMS.
HAYWOOD’S Sth and rerry Ste.
29 flags.. Because they’re milder... becausd they taste better... because they give smokers MORE PLEASURE... Chesterfields are satisfying millions of smokers, men and women, in all the four comers of the earth.
Often a cigarette wins popularity in a small part of the country. .. a few cigarettes become known all over the country. But you will find Chesterfields wherever cigarettes are sold in the United States and on board all thf; great ships of the world . . . under 29 flags and wherever they touch... and for good reasons.
Cheketjields will giveyou morepleasure.. Sati^
Copyright 1937, LiccwT ft Mybw Tobacxo Co..