I '
I
J
h
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By, and For Students of Purdue University
* \ ■n^ "wmmm Purdue Exponent
WEDHESDAY Jctnuecry 19, 1938 lofayeffe, hnfioaa VOL. 49 No. 94
Campus Activity Declines ^ I As Final Exams Begin student activities on the campus will be practically at a standstill when final examinations for the second semester begin at 1 o’clock this afternoon. Although a few activities will continue spasmodic work,-the majority of them will be discontinued or emphatically reduced uhtil the second semester has begun.
Publications Exponent schedules have been put down. During- finals the paper will be issued tomorrow, January 22, 25, and 27. The regular schedule will be resumed February 2, when the first issue of the new semester will be distributed. The Independent will^ come out as usual on February 1, according to Dave Meacham, editor-in-chief. All sporty, recreation rooms, reading rooms, and lounges in the Memorial Union Building will be open as usual throughout the impending final exam period and the vacation between semesters. The Student Union is cutting down activities to a certain extent, with only a few of the clubs meeting. Pat Clinton’s orchestra will play at the regular mixer from 9 to 12 p. m. Saturday night. Announcement has not yet been made of the band which will play for the mixer on January 29. Intramural Sports All intramural sports scheduled during finals have been cancelled, and intramural managers will not be working, although the department staff will continue without any change. The gymnasium and swimming pool will be open daily from 8 a. m. to 9:30 p. m., and on Sunday from 1:30 to 6 p. m. The pool will be closed during lupch and dinner hours. (Continued on page2) Heine To Interview Lambert On WBM Supplementing the work started last Thursday, Bob Heine has asked “Pi^gy” Lambert to appear on his program at 12:30 today for an interview appealing to the student body as a whole. “Piggy” will discuss crowd etiquette and sportsmanship. The improvement of the student attitude towards players and referees will be especially stressed, because at present it is not what it should be. Lambert is also expected to give his opinion of the competition the Boilermaker team has encountered and what they might expect to meet in the. future. Music Section Of Women's Club To Present Program At Meeting Thursday A general women’s club meeting will be presented by the music section of the Purdue Women’s Club at 2:30 p. m. tomorrow in'the Union music room. Mrs. Jack E. Walters will give an introductory talk on “Art Inspired by Music.” Following this, a string ensemble, directed by Mrs. K. C. Boxell, will render five selections. Mrs. W. E. Bailey will sing three songs, and Miss Edith Mills, pianist will play three solos. Concluding the program, the club chorus will sing “Silver Sleigh Bells,” “In the Luxembourg Gardens,” “Moon - Marketing,” and “Passing By.” Parker Wynn Tops Sales Staff, Wins Free Debris Parker Wynn was awarded a free 1938 Debris at a meeting of Debris salesmen last night. She sold the greatest number of books dui-ing the past week. -v total of 87 sales were turned in at last night’s meeting, which was attended by 26 freshmen and sophomore salesmen. Junior Business Manager Edwards gave a few sales points and Business Manager Siebenthal announced that all sales of 1938 books will stop, in accordance with contract, on March 10.
Hanley Contest Opens To Juniors Junior engineers who wish to enter the annual Hanley Speech Contest in competition for class awards, and win the right to enter the final contest in which the awax-ds are $50 for first place and $20 for secoi^id place, should contact the following men in their respective schools for information concerning the contest: electrical engineers, R. D. Birge, phone 4031; chemical engineers, R. P. Griffenhagen, 7026; civil engineering, G. D. Rose, 8009; and mechanical engineering, W. B. Wolverton, 713^2. All speeches will be limited to eight minutes and should be on a subject related to the general field of economics or engineering costs. A preliminary contest for juniors will be held on February 7, with the final juhior contest on February 8. The judges for the contest will include Dean of Engineering A. A. Potter, one member of the engineering faculty, a professional engineer, and two members of the speech staff. The speakers will be judged not only on their speaking ability, but also on the material content of their speeches. Accidental Remcival Of Valuable Valise Causes Railway Officials Worry The voice on the telephone was urgent, pleading. “So you see it’s very important that this case be returned promptly, and we just wondered if the Exponent couldn’t run a short notice about it.” Knowing how short-handed the issue editor is on Tuesday nights, we said that the Exponent would be ovei-joyed. New Yoi’k Central’s Ticket Agent, L. I. Muinzer, therefoi'e, gave us the full particulars. It seems, he began, that five or six 4-H Club membei's came in on the train from the Windy City yesterday, and not knowing where they were going to stay while they took the University’s ■'^^ntei* short course, they left their 10 or 12 assorted pieces of luggage in the station. A few hours later they I'eturned and took thgir baggage home, and with them they took by accident a brown leather zipper bag, the property of a certain L. W. Randall, traveling auditor for thTe New York Centi’al Railroad. This case contained some very important papers, audits and bills that Randall was to take to an importarit conference with C. & E. I. R. R. officials in Chicago today. If the person or persons now in possession of the case in question read this, they will endear themselves to Muinzer, Randall and officials of both the N. Y. C. R. R. and the C. & E. I. R. R. forever if they, will promptly retuim the satchel to the baggage room from whence it was accidentally removed. Philatelic Society To Discuss Spring Exhibit Plans for the spring exhibit of the Lafayette Philatelic Society will be discussed at the meeting tonight in room D of the Union Building. The society holds two exhibitsi each year at which are shown stamps valued at thousands of dollars.
Indiana Weather
Forecast for the State: Snow in north, rain in south portions. Warmer in central and north portions today. Partly cloudy tomorrow. Local Temperatures: Low, 24; High, 31; Meap, 27.5.
Exponent Offers Cash Awards For, Picking Winners “Come one, come all—opportunity knocks only once,” here’s your chance to share in the cash awards offered by the Exponent for selecting the scores of the basketball games each week. “It can be done,” and the following men through their inherent ability and scientific methods came out on top of last week’s contest. A. M. Ki’attebol, ME senior, won the first prize of $3.00 for the most correctly picked set of scores for basketball games that were played last Saturday. Second prize of $2.00 went to Robert H. Thatcher, Ag, junior, and the third award of $1.00 went to Bill Carnes, Sci senior. Those receiving honorable mention were J. H. Harvey, W. A. Beman, G. W. Roper, J. H. Thompson, H. B. Forbes, and E. E. Butler. These contests will be run every week throughout the Purdue basketball season, the deadline for each week’s entries being 5 p. m. on the Friday following the announcement of the selected games for that week. For further information see the fourth page of this issue. Contest Open To Campus Authors Here’s the chance that Purdue’s embryo radio playwriters have been waiting for! Drake University is offering a contest, closing March 15, -938, with $35, $10, and $5 prizes for the best radio scripts submitted. The competition is open to both amateurs and professionals writing 13 or 26 minute plays. Complete information regarding the contest may be obtained by contacting the Drake University department of radio, Des Moines, la. 192 Registered In Winter Ag Course Classes in the annual winter eight-weeks short course in various phases of agriculture began yesterday morning with a record registration of 192 students. Although this mark was surpassed by two in 1914, home economics students were then included in the count. —Students of all ages enroll in the courses which are classed as general agriculture, animal husbandry, dairy production and dairy manufacturing. Headquarters for the short cburse is in Agricultural Hall where registration took place Monday. Regular instructors with additional assistants assume the burden of increased teaching load. Accoriiing to Assistant Dean of Agriculture, V. C. Freeman, in charge of the course, 62 enrolled in general agriculture, 51- in animal husbandry, 40 in dairy production, and 39 in dairy manufacturing.
Forty-One Return Petitions For Ten Freshman Student Senate Berths
Book Exchange Posters Disappear From Union Disappearance from the Memorial Union Building of five Book Exchange posters is arousing some suspicion that a movement is afoot to defeat the newly organized student enterprise. Publicity Director Bob Buckles said last night. The posters were placed, around in the building Monday morning, according to Buckles, and they were missing yesterday afternoon when he came back to check up. Put Up 100 Posters Almost 100 other posters were taken to fraternities, sororities, residence halls, rooming houses, and University building also on Monday. There was no report that these had been molested. Buckles said that 250 copies of a three-page mimeographed leaflet advertising the Exchange were ready for distribution to various student living quarters. About 5,000 of these leaflets will be handed out at registration. Is The Front The Back Or Otherwise Front pages covered with ads; back pages carrying headlines—or are they? After all which is the front page of a newspaper? Custom dictates that the one which opens to the left should have the honor, but is that really right ? In today’s mail came two papers that at first glance looked as if the printers had been on a binge, the Dabota Student for January 14 and the Denver Clarion for January 13. Both were printed with the front page in the position that by rights should belong to the back and both proclaiming loudly that this was no mistake. To explain this little eccentricity in printing the editors said that most people start at the back of a paper and work forward anyhow, so why not print the front on the back and make reading easier. They strongly protested the idea that the drastic change was merely a publicity stunt and asked for any criticisms or suggestions. At first glance the paper does look out of place but then it’s only a matter of personal opinion. Is the back the front and the front the hack ^ Women Get Positions On Indiana HE Board Mrs. G. H. Brown, Farmland, and Mrs. Virgil Huey, Monticello, have recently been added to the Executive Board of the Indiana Home Economics Association.
^How To Study’ Disclosed By Distinguished Students
By R. L. Keck i‘In view of the fact that you made a distinguished student rating last semester, we should like to know how you' study.” Thus, last night a number of distinguished students were called, in an effort to determine the best method of applying one’s self in preparation for the fast approaching finals. Opinions Conflict Voicing a number of opinions, the high raters seemed to be divided as to the best method of studying. Glen Cross, senior PS said, “The idea is to study as much as possible, get plenty of sleep, and get to class with your mind wide awake.” Conflicting with Cross’ idea, Martha 'V^ood, junior science student said, “It doesn’t do any good to spend a lot of tirate studying, just study when you feel good.” She added, “Study when you study, and play when you play.” “The only thing I ckn say is that
you should have a plap of study made out, and stick to it. Get your everyday studies, and don’t let anything slide.” Thus spoke Dick Potter, sophomore PS man, last night. “Petie” Light, senior science student, said, “It all depends on the subjects that you are taking, but it all boils down to the fact, that if you study all semester, you don’t have to study for the finals.” ^ Eat And Sleep Modest Louise Schickler was a bit hesitant about expressing her opinion, however she finally broke down and said, “Eat three helpings every meal and go to bed at 9:30 o’clock.” C. Glen Bigelow, senior ME, said, “You gotta have all your roommates with you when you study or it wouldn’t be legal. You have to have a witness.” Doc Millep of the student health service proffered the advice, “Get the proper rest, have proper lighting effects, and eat your meals regularly.”
Forty-one of the original 42 petitions taken out in application for freshman Student Senate berths wer^igned and returned by Monday night in accordance with election rules, elections committee chairman C. G. Elliott announced last
night.
From this list of 41, ten will be chosen to positions in the Student Senate by election to be held during second semester registration. Each freshman will vote for one of the classmates in his school who is petitioning for .a Senate position. Petitioners will be allowed to do no campaigning around the election
booth at registration. To Choose Six Engiaeers
Following are the 21 students petitioning for the six vacancies open to freshman engineers: Edith Anderegg, T. P. Axton, A. Beddoe, J. Brodd, A. B. Clarke, R. S. Colquhoun, H. W. Chalberg, J. R. Eubank, I. A. Fosse, J. D. Fisher, R. Fishkin, P. L. Hamman, M. E. Keane, L. G. Lind, C. E. Meyer, T. C. Noland, T. B. Petty, C. T. Shepard, H. I. Taylor, A. B. Williamson, and A. A.
Yankowski.
too Operators At Pest Conference
While the principles of insect control were being explained yesterday, registration during the second day of the Pest Control Operators Conference in progress here this week passed the 100 mark with representatives from New York, Maine, and other eastern states as well as from California, Minnesota, Texas, and Canada. New York led the 23 states and Canada with 21 registrants. Illinois and Ohio were second and third with 14 and 11 respectively. Eight of the pest con-
trol men were Hoosiers.
Speaking on the principles of pest control. Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the University entomology department, explained the important steps of diagnosis, prescription, and the application of the prescription. He said that all insect controls are based on one’s knowledge of the life history, habits, and structure of the insect in question. Climatic factors, topographical features, and natural enemies were discussed as the natural measures of control, as the artificial controls included numerous farm and home practices. Legal controls were also explained in regard to federal regulations on foreign importations and interstate
shipments.
American Association Of University Women Meets In Union Tonight Miss Ida J. Fleming ,of the Jefferson High School English department, will read the play, “Yes, My Darling Daughter” at the monthly meeting of the American Association of University Women tonight at 7:30, in rooms 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union Building. Miss Jean Harvey and Mrs. R. B. Stewart will be assisted by the Misses Lillian Peterson, Ruth Hallstein, Doris Dechert, and Constance Hastie in receiving the prospective members of the organization. Refreshments will be served during the social hour. Chemistry Society Nominates Degering Dr. E. F. Degering of the Chemistry department at the University has been nominated to a fellowship in the American Institute of Chemists, an organization for the advancement of the chemical pro-
fession.
The society requires prospective members to have taken six years of college and post-graduate chemistry or chemical engineering, at least two years of which must have been of advanced nature, apd at least five years of experience in the chemical field. Dr. Degering was selected for his work before coming to Purdue, as well as for his work while on the University staff.
NOTICE All Students: Be prepared to present identification cards (passports) to University Cashier at second semester registration in order that they may be validated for second semester use.
Need One Ag The five men petitioning for the one position open to the school of agriculture are: W. J. Dickinson, C. L. Ford, D. Q. Reid, J. A. Stewart, and T. V. Trimble. One From Science Six petitioners for the one position open to science freshmen are: Ruth M. Bennett, Alberta Densford, W. F. Hartnett, R. A. Hoffer, Myra A. McKee, and D. E. Rosenthal. One Home Ec Turning in petitions for the one opening for home economics freshmen are: Josinah Allen, F. Jane Black, Yvonne R. Holden, Alice D. Newton, Janet L. Pickering, and Paula R. Zwierlein. Pharmacy, P. E. Combine The combined forces of the pharmacy and physical education freshmen are allotted one Senator. The Pharmacy petitioners are C. W. Chellberg and R. L. Huff, while A. N. Rossi is running from the physical education school. Second Semester Registration Feb. 1-2 Registration for the second semester classes will begin in the Armory Tuesday, February 1 at 8:30 a. m. and last through 4:00 o'clock of the next day, according to the recently published regristration bulletins. As in previous years, the registration will be broken up into five groups, with the distinguished students of last June having the privilege of registering at 8 o’clock Tuesday or any time during the registration period. Regular Students Undergraduate and special students having no unremoved C, D, I, or F grades on record and are not on probation, will register from 8:30 a. m. to 4:00 p. m. Tuesday. Undergrads and spedial students who do have unpemoved C, D, I, or F grades on record, are to register Tuesday from 4 to 5 o’clock and Wednesday from 8:00 a. m. until noon. Students on probation will register from 1:00 to 3:00 Wednesday afternoon, and graduate students will have all day Tuesday and until noon Wednesday to register. Registration will be according to the first letter of surnames, starting at the end of the alphabet. Conflicts In case the student should discover an error or a conflict in his schedule after completing registration, he should report the mistake to registration headquarters before 4:00 p. m. Wedhesday. Old students will be admitted at the west door of the Armory upon presentation of their first semester schedule cards; new students-wilL bring permits to register. Officials in charge sug^st that students bring them addresses and telephone num-bei-s with th^m, as well as a pencil and eraser and the total amount of the fees and deposits, preferably in bank drafts, certified checks or money orders.i
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
All Work... . . . and no play makes Jack a dull boy, and Jack can’t very well afford to be a dull boy during finals. We’ve preached the necessity of plenty of studying for finals more than once before, and now we mention it again. There is no substitute for knowledge in a final examination, and in most finals, knowledge cannot be gleaned from the clear (or slightly foggy) air in the examination room—it must be obtained from textbooks, notebooks, class notes, and that fellow in the second row who stayed awake all semester and must be done before the exam itself. All this necessitates study. However, there is also no substitute for a clear head in a final examination. All study and no recreation may cram necessary facts into your minds, but it may also tie them there with cobwebs so that they cannot be brought forth when they are needed. A logical balance between study and recreation must be sought during the next two weeks. Movies, bull sessions, card games, and sich ilk, are all right, but they are too much the usual thing. They’re what you’ve been amusing yourself with all semester whenever you found the opportunity. Now, during finals, you will have a chance to do the things you’ve wanted to all along. Our new Fieldhouse will be available for your use. You may swim, play any of a number of athletic games, or just give yourself a good workout. The Women’s Gymnasium will be open to both men and women students for mixed recreational facilities. The open country will invite a hike. There will be plenty of physical exercise available. And physical exercise will do you plenty of good. It will break you free from the sedentary existance you have been leading this semester in classes and at your desk. It will pep you up, clear your head so that you will be able to study more efficiently when you study and put forth your best efforts when you go into the final.
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER ^soctuted MADISOM WISCONSIN Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of Oct. 3, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $3 per year; by mail $3.60. REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY NatBOsia! Advertisiog Servisc, los. College Puhlithers Ilcprescntattve 420 Madison AvE nevy York N. Y CHICASO - BOSTON - LOS ANGEl ES - SAN FRANCISCO MAIN OFFICE 312 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 5037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
Editor-In-Chief R. P. Manion
Business Manager D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor - J. E. Brock Associate Editors D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor's Secretary Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF 6 Assistant Business Manager J. P. Girard National Advertising Manager W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager. R. R. Hensler Circulation Manager - M. C. Reeves
CO-ED STAFF
. Elizabeth Pyke . Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
Sally McKee
SPORTS STAFF . R. F. Obenchain . ..J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald,
B. D. Witwer
Editor Associate Editors.
Editor
Associate Editors
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University vievipoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Night Editor—Schroeder Issue Editor—Frederick ■ Wednesday, January 19, 1938
However, too much recreation and too little study will give you too clear a head. It will be clear of the facts it should contain.—J. E. B.
By Mary Cooley Noise does not reduce human efficiency as much as is popularly supposed, according to the report of experiments by a Columbia University psychologist. “Studies are being conducted to measure the energy actually expended under distracting conditions,” he said. “It has been surprising to find that although there is an increased energy cost directly following the onset of the disturbance, there is some kind of adjusting process through which the organism may settle down to a level of expenditure no gp’eater than that under more favorable conditions.”
At St. Mary’s College, a Catholic men’s institution in California, the solution of the male social problem seems to have been too good — at least too good to last very long*. When officials established a date bureau they reckoned without the girls of Oakland and surrounding cities. In fact, the college authorities have ordered the bureau closed for fear the situation might get out of hand—^because so many girls called looking for “dates.” A * * t “Grave-digging at $5 a day is not to be sneezed at says Jerry Gobeille, so he’s grave-digging his way to a college degree at the University of Ottawa. Jerry formerly tried bell-hopping and office-boy work, but he now spends his summer months doing .spade work in the cemetery. When business is brisk he digs six graves a week; thus he is rated a “six man” by the grave-diggers’ union. * ♦ * * Major Herbert Eden, professor at Indiana University, demonstrated his resourcefulness during the preChristmas cold spell. To “fa’ down ’n go boom” on the ice as he went to class didn’t hurt his feelings any. And to prevent further mishap he calmly adjusted a pair of ice skates he carried “up his sleeve” and skated the rest of the way. Recently the University of Illinois conducted one of the most spectacular campaigrns in the history of the school in a concentrated effort to wipe but houses of prostitution. Direct parts in the battle to clean up Champaign’s red-light district were taken by University authorities, the Daily Ulini, and five fraternities. The fight, which is a result of a nation-wide dampaign against ven-
Letters to the Editor
Outlines Save Time— For The Prof, Too | 613 West Gambler Street Mt. Vernon, 0. January 17, 1938. Dear Editor: All this talk about college outlines, and what a fine thing they are for the college student! Why doesn’t someone say something about what they do for the prof? I know one prof who owes 18 holes of golf a day to the fact that he uses o«^mes in preparing for his classes. And, if the were known, those outlines eased the way to a degree for many an instructor. Another young prof I know boasts a mighty fine rhumba and swings a pretty mean Big Apple. It seems the outlines give him time to get out and “swing it.” That same prof swipes half of the campus queens right under our eyes. Not because there is something special to him, but because we have to spend our nights, plugging assignments for the profs who DON’T use the outlines. In common with many of my fellow collegians, there is the suggestion of the scallion in my Big Apple, and there is something of the camembert in my rhumba. My grandmother regularly gives me 10 strokes and whales the daylights out of me on the golf course. Also, like many of my fellow collegians. I’ve had my eye on a cute little frosh —but assignments are beating my time. It’s not too late yet for a student’s New Year resolution. How about buttonholing the profs to plug the use of the outline in preparing classes ? If more profs used short cuts in dishing out education, what a grand and glorious place this old world would be, Albert L. Crider.
Dr. Orion '15 Hained Dean At U. o! West Virainia
ereal disease, has received the official backing of practically all of the univer.sity student organizations as well as civic organizations.
Hunter College (in New York) girls decided, in the final discussion of etiquette lectures by Mrs. Katherine Bleeker Meigs, that artichokes lobster, olives, radishes, celery, corn on the cob, canapes, and fruit should be eaten with the fingers.
Dr. Clayton R. Orton, membei of the agriculture experimental station staff from 1910 to 1912, was recently made dean of agriculture at the University of West Virginia, where he has been head of the pathology and biology department since 1929. Mr. Orton received his master of science degree at Purdue in 1915 and worked for several years as the head of the research extension for the Bayer Aspirin Company.
Campus Adivilies(Continued from page 1)
Although the majority of the University’s sport activities will cease during the finals period, students interested in squash may use the faculty courts m the Recitation Building daily from 1 to 3 p. m. The town courts, located at Eighth and Main streets in Lafayette, Avill also be open for use, from 1 p. m. until 10 p. m. Freshman squash will start as soon as the coming semester is underway. Interfraternity competition will begin sometime in February. Rackets and balls for use in practice may be obtained at the checkout window of the Fieldhouse. WAA Recreation There will be no regular WAA tournament games during finals. The Women’s Gym will be open daily at 4 p. m., and Saturday mornings. The swimming pool will be available to all co-eds January 20, 25, and 27 at 4 p. m.. A mixed recreation period will be held for students this Friday at 7:30 p. m. There will be no Triton club meeting this week. WSGA Hours WSGA judicial board has announced the following co-ed hours for the remainder of the semester. From January 19 through January 26, the hours will be the same, week nights 11 o’clock, and Friday and Saturday night 1 o’clock. From January 26 to February 2 there will be 12 o’clock week nights, and Friday and Saturday there will be one o’clock nights as usual. A. P. Stewart, University musical director, announced last night that all musical organizations under his direction will discontinue practice during final examinations until the start of the second semester. Playshop will conduct no rehearsals for their coming production until Februai^y 2. Some of the stage crew will work irregularly but there will be little regular work on the play during finals.
The regular editob defaulted, no one could be persuaded for love or money to pinch-hit, and so in desperation we turned to the files. This is the first Bold and Black column to appear in ye olde daily rag. After a week’s contest, the name was chosen, and on the eventful day of Tuesday, January 9, 1923, Anno Domini, the following appeared to enlighten and entertain the stoogent body: TODAY’S HAPPY THOUGHT— Everybody satisfied with our new name ? Some students live within their means and others have learned to say, “Charge it, please.” In these bootlegging days it is easy to confuse Easy strdet and Speakeasy street. You never know how much contempt mere words can express until the barber says: “So you shave yourself, eh?” It’s fair enough. The trapped animal skins its teeth, the trapper skins the animal, and the furrier skins the customer. In a city one’s sleep is disturbed by the cars running, but in a small town there is nothing to disturb the quiet except the rum running. Now are the days when dad is sitting near the fire trying to figure where to get the money to keep his son in college this year. If you don’t enjoy it, and othei people do, and that makes you mad, you are a reformer in the making. When the judges saw the list of names submitted for this column, they all threatened to back out, but we locked the doors on them. The only proper place for the middleman is between the devil and the deep blue sea. The big question is merely this; “Shall America sell her surplu§ to Europe or send it in relief ships ?” Some children honor their parents, however, and are careful never to take them to naughty movies. Now that the Ags are back for their annual visit we are sure that the live stock will appreciate the sight of a real farmer for a change. Borrowing from Peter to pay Paul is better business than the Irish method of killing Peter to pay Paul. Some unfortunate men speak their last words on the way to the scaifold, and others as they are led to the altar. We may have some satisfaction after tonight’s game even if we weren’t satisfied after the Notre Dame-Purdue football game. Is your smiling countenance in the Purdue movie ?
By Sally McKee To criticize is dangerous at times —one of the most dangerous social errors—but criticism is not to be tabooed completely. Nothing is more mentally invigorating than a good unemotional discussion and reciprocal criticism of a subject of interest to the participants in a conversation. It has often been said that one should never criticize a man’s religion, politics, or family doctor. True and granted, but this should not keep a group interested in the variations, say, in Christian religions, from discussing them, if it is understood that the conversation is an exploratory one. Nothing is worse, however, than to gratuitously criticize a church ritual pr belief to which one is not accustomed.
Wednesday, January 19, 1938
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“Why/not get two ?—Then you’ll have one for work and—one for the rest of the week.”
Bestor, Ann Pennington Team for Stage Show At Mars On Saturday Don Bestor and his band will team with Ann Pennington on the Mars Theater stage Saturday in presenting a double-star stage show with a
TODAY
ELEPHANT BOY Rudyard Kipling’s most thrilling novel News — Cartoon
STARTS TOMORROW Triple Hit Show No. 1 Miriam Hopkins Ray Milland in WISE GIRL
No. 2 SAN QUENTIN with I Pat O’Brien Humphrey Bogart No. 3 Color Cartoon DUCK HUNT
mtm
-LAST day-
merry ROMANCE IN SWINGfIMEI
STARTING TOMORRCHI^ WENDY BARRIE KENT TAYLOR MISCHAAUER , in “PRESCRIPTION FOR ROMANCE” —and— WILLIAM GARGAN in ‘SOME BLONDES ARE DANGEROUS”
talented supporting cast. Ann Pennington, famous personality dancer, starred in the Ziegfeld Follies,” “George White Scandals,” and other outstanding screen and musical successes. “Sergeant Murphy,” with Mary McGuire, Ronald Regan, and Donald Crisp, will be the screen attraction.
ARC
'I LAST DAY —
BETWEEN 9WOIMEN' mBM FiANCMOT mi ViStGINM BEUCE MAUREEI Q’SILLiVANi MGM Melodramal
—and—
•WILD WEST DAYS’
—LAST DAY
WALTER
WINCHELLBERNIE SIMONE SIMON BERT LAHR i JOAN DAVIS TOMORROW — FRIDAY LESLIE HOWARD JOAN BLONDELL
IN
“STAND-IN”
— SATURDAY — On Our Stage DON BESTOR And His Orchestra —and— ANN PENNINGTON World Famous Star of Ziegfeld Follies/ ‘
; .-li
Wednesday, lanuary 19, 1938
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Semester Finals Bring AboOt Lull In University Athletic Activities Boilermaker athletics will be discontinued, in a number of cases, during the final examination period, according to the coaches of the different sports. Practices will be continued at
the beginning of the next semester.
Sophotmores Aid Riveters
February Ushers In New l-M Events When finals have faded into the past and students again settle down to struggle through the second semester, a new bevy of intramural sports will be on hand to give all aspiring'athletes a chance to exhibit their skill ip the various games. New Contests Besides all of the regular intramural activities which come into the limelight at this time of the year, three main additions have been made with the possibility of several more which are merely-i the ejnbryonic stage at the presen Inter-fratemity riflery, bowling, and indoor > track is the trio of events which have been added to the list. Riflery comes into its own by vif Jue of the new range in the Fieldhou,se sub-basement; bowling returns to the roster after an absence of a few years; and indoor track also has grown out of the facilities offered by the Fieldhouse. More Points All of these events will ^ive the Greek organizations a chance to procure more participation points and also expand the intramural program so the winner of this year’s participation trophy can boast a more all around skill in sports than has ever been possible in the past. Fencers To Rest During Finals As in other sports, the fencing’ team is suspending regular practice during finals, but the men will be expected to keep in shape for the coming meets here with Ohio State on February 4 and the Rantoul Officers team February 5. In the Notre Dame meet last Saturday, the Purdue saber men were facing opponents coached by one of the outstanding saber coaches in the country in the person of the Notre Dame coach, DeLandero. The Irish showed that his teaching had not gone for naught when they took seven of the nine saber matches.
Basketball Coach Ward Lambert ended his activities for the current semester with the Northwestern game Monday night. Basketball practice will not be held until after finals are over, but players who desire to keep in trim during this time will be permitted the use of the Fieldhouse for practice purposes. According to freshman swimming coach, F. R. Eastwood, practice sessions for the swimming squad have also been halted. Although the squad will have no regular practice schedule, all of the men out for the varsity and freshman squads will be allowed to use the pool if they so
desire.
Boxers Rest “Punchy” Maxwell’s boxers have been given a breathing spell since their matches last Saturday after noon. Although he will not hold regular practice, a number of the boys will continue to work out, that they may be in condition for the coming Golden Gloves tournament. Wrestling practice will continue as usual for those who want to practice, but there Will be no required sessions. The "wrestling squad re ceived a setback when it tackled Illinois State Normal last Saturday, but this is the first year of wrestling for the Boilermakers and they are showing great improvement.
The co-operative department of Cleveland College, where students alternate equal periods between work and school, had more students at work than in school during the last semester, according to the supervisor.
Scientific experiments at the University of Minnesota have proved that the longstanding belief that women out-talk men is incorrect. A speech professor finds from a study of 400 students that men like to talk better than women do.
However Boilermaker foil and epee men proved apt pupils of Coach Finney. The Purdue epee men reversed the Irish score in the saber when they won seven matches to losing two. The foil men then provided the winning points with a six to three victory in their matches.
CIGARETTES Ten 15c Brands—Five 10c Brands DAD’S PLACE — So Handy
• the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
— Bookstores —
— Hardware —
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue , Student
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
— Locksmith —
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key and lock service eur L. C. N. Door Closer Distributors 208-211 N. 5th St, Phone 2828
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic DR, PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DB. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
— Furniture —
Student Equipment J-juhniJtuJui Co425 Columbia St, Phone 2728
— Beauty Studio —
• EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Special, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
— Barbers —
MODEL BARBER SHOP 222 No. 5th Street Lafayette “THREE GOOD BARBERS”
Purdue Rifle Enthusiasts Have Initial Meeting In New Fieldhouse Sub-basement Gun Range Thirty-five rifle enthusiast.s reported to Mr, Holmes, University rifle instructor, in the sub-Hasement of the Fieldhouse yesterday for the marksmen’s first meeting in the new rifle range. Class room instructions have preceded this meeting on the rifle range. During the class room^ discussions, rifle fundamentals were the principle topics, but now the class is ready for actual target practice.
EkmoV
These two men, who are seeing their first year on the Boilermaker varsity, have done much to give the team its reputation as a quintet which is one of the best in the country. ■ Yeager (left) is especially adept at taking the ball away from the opposition and has given Purdue possession of the ball many times in a critical moment. Fisher (right) was changed to a forward post in the Northwestern tilt and made use of his height advantage as he injected his ability into the battle and helped Purdue emerge victorious.
Vines^ Perry Name Top Tennis Stars Ellsworth Vines and Fred Perry two of the world’s outstanding professional tennis stars recently compiled lists of whom they thought to be the top 10 tennis stars, dating from 1920 to the present time. William “Big Bill” Tilden was named by both Vines and Perry as number one man. For second posi-, tion the two returned compliments.
each naming the other. Donald Budge, America’s present champion among the amateurs was placed in fifth position by Vines and sixth by Perry. Their selections "ivere: By Vines—William Tilden, Fred Perry, William M. Johnston, Rene LaCoste, Donald Budge, Jean Borotra, Henri Cochet, Hans Nusslein, Karel Kozeluh, Jack Crawford. By Perry—Tilden, Vines, Jdhnston, LaCoste, Cochet, Budge, Borotra, Nusslein, Crawford, Patterson.
WB AA Programs
—Today— 11:00—Morning Melodies. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Farm Facts., 12:15—Social Security Talk. 12:20—Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Sports Review, by Bob Heine. 12:45—Wanita Wilson, soprano. 1:00—Meditations, Rev. Wm. McFadden. 1:15—Birth of the News. 1:30—The Monitor Views the News. 1:45—Market, and Weather Reports. 2:00—Lafayette Grade School Program. 2:15—This Week in Literature, A. R. Rolfs.
Yesterday afternoon^ rifle drill consisted of practicirtg the use of the rifle sling and shooting from the prone position. Much interest was taken in the initial range drill, and Mr. Holmes indicated that if sufR- \ cient futur^ interest is taken in these riflery classes, the facilities will be enlarged and additional improvements will be made. There will be another class group in rifle fundamentals during the second semester.
2:30—^You and Your Child. 2:45—Hymn Echoes, Mrs. Irvin Jackson. 3:00-^The Home Decorator. 3:15—The American Scene. 3:30—Music With the Masters 4:00—^The Story Book Hour. 4:15—Marjory Starrett. 4:30—Men of Vision. 4:45—Louis Lind, pianist.
BoilermaRer Track Aspirants Show Promise; Frosh-Varsity Meet Probable For Open Date
Final Exam Schedules
The following abbreviations are used for departments and buildings: ... AD—Applied Design. Ag—Agriculture Agron—^Agronomy AgCh—Agricultural Chemistry AE—Agricultural Engineering AH—Animal Husbandry AM—Applied Mechanics Arm^—Armory B—^Biology ChE—Chemical Engineering Chem—Chemistry CE—Civil Engineering C&T—Clothing and Textiles DH—Dairy Husbandry EA—Engineering Administration Econ—Economics Ed—Education EE—^Electrical Engineering Engl—English » Ent—Entomology FHG—Fieldhouse Gymnasium FMgt—-Farm Management F&N—Foods and Nutrition For—Forestry GE—General Engineering Geol—Geology G—Michael Golden Shops Gov—Government Heav—-Heavilon Hall Hist—History HA^—Home Administration HE—Home Economics Hort—Horticulture IM—Institution Management MM—Materia Medica ME—Mechanical Engineering Math—Mathematics MT^—Military Training ML—Modem Languages PhC—Pharmaceutical Chemistry Phar—Pharmacy PE—Physical Education for Men PEW—Physical Education for Women Phys—Physics Poul—-Poultry PM—Practical Mechanics Pur—Purdue Hall Rec—Recitation Building Sm—Smith Hall SC—Stanley Coulter Hall Spch-—Speech Univ—University Hall No. 2—Building No. 2. The examination will be taken only at the time indicated in the-schedule except in case of conflicts for irregular students. Any such conflicts must be adjusted by consultation with the instructor- in charge before the oi>ening of examinations. Examination periods for graduate courses should be arranged with instructorthey are not scheduled. EXAMINATIONS TO BE ARRANGED WITH DEPARTMENTS PEW 61, 63, 66. Also all graduate courses numbered above 200 and not scheduled below. ♦Examinations will be held in the same rooms in which the divisions regularly recite. Period 1 WEDNESDAY, JAN. 19, 1-4 P. M. Course Divisions Room AD 101 All ♦ Ag Ch 109 All * AES 247 All • Agron 26 All Ag 206, 209 B 1 A-D SC 211 B 1 -.F-I Phys 202 B L N,0,AB G 101 B 21 All r. * Chem 110b All • Chem 121 All Chem 320 Chem 131 AH ♦ CB 17 All CE 101 CE41 A-E CE 808 CB41 F-J CE 201 CE 74 All CE 304 CE201 All * CE 224 All ♦ Ed 76 A-C ED 101 Ed 75 , D ED 201 Ed 186 1 All * Ed 176 All ♦ EE 192 j All EE 129 Engl B All Univ 211 Engl 82 R ♦ HA 148, All • IM 141 All .• Math 281 All * ML 61 A-E • ML 61 F,G EE 264 MT 6./ All Arm MT 16 All *
PE 176
All ...
«
PEW 69.
AU ..
«
Phys 112.
All ...
PM 12
; All ..
G 301, 303
PM 17
All
•
PM 38
All
*
Period
2
THURSDAY, JAN.
20,
8-11 A. M.
Course
Divisions
Room
AD 61
All ....
■SC 14, 211; CE 201
Agron 11.,
All....
Ag 104, 206, 209
B 120
All ...
SC 12
ChE 117 All * ChE 134 All Heav 202 ChE 226 All • Chem la All , Ed 101 Chem 107..._ All EE 129 Econ 1 L Rec 313 Econ 11 A,F * Econ 11 XF ME 108 Econ 136.... All Rec 317 Ed 17B AU Ed 208 Ed 131 All * Ed 179 All * EE 11.... .'..All ♦ EE 60 _A11 ....! * EE 146 y..All EE 347
..Univ 201
..Pur 211
EE 161 JU-All Engl 10 A
Engl 10 C * Engl 19 G,H EE 264 Engl 117 A • For 9 All Hort 202, 210 Gov 119 All Ed 201 Hist 1 B Chem 106 Hist 2 D Phys 204 Hist 16 C - * Hist 113 All * HA 9 AU HE 202, 213 Hort 1 All Hort 201 Hort 13 All Hort 301 Math 12 C-r * Math 116 All * Math 226 ,..A11 Pur 804 ML 22 All • ML 33 All ♦ ML 42 All •
ML 44 All ML 62 All ML 62 All
MM 1 All • PhC 821 ..All * Pharm 20 All ♦ PE 13 All FHG 106 Phya Ic All Phys 202 Poul 109 All • Spch 14 N-Q * Spch 16 C * Spch 116 C & D * Spch 141 All .' Univ 101
Period 3
THURSDAY, JAN. 20, 1-4 P. M. Course Divisions Room AD 65 A * AD 66 B he 108 AD 69 All No. 2, 202, 204 Ag Ch H)7 A * Ag Ch 107 B, D Ag 206 Ag Ch 107 C Ag 209 Agron 22 A,B Phys 202 Agron 22..._ „C Phys 204 B 1 J-M,P SC 211 B L T,V.W G 101 B 1 „X.Y,AE ME 108 Chem 1... A-H ;....Ed 101 Chem 3a All Chem 820 Chem 263 All Chem 106 CE 62 All CE 101 Ed 17 B • EE 6 All ME 207 EE 19.... A-F EE 129 EE 19 G-K EE 264 EE 178 ' All .• Engl 19 B & C SC 14 Engl 31— „..E,F Ed 201 Engl 31 G -Univ 301 Engl 31.... H & XH EA 208 Engl 81...... I Ed 208 En^l 111 All * Engl 121a A : • Engl 126 All .* Engl 187 All • Ent 7, .All JVE 202 1M86 :.,jM1 ♦ Hort 19 J:a11 JHort 202 ME 144 AU • ML 127 i All .* ML 176 „..AU • MT 7 „AU MT 17 All • Poul 109-.., All PM 11 „E.F • Spch 14 C-F CE 201 Spch 106 ..All Univ 109
Swimmers On Upgrade By Jerry Collins Swimming has at last come into its own in the realm of Boilermaker sports and is rapidly gaining the enthusiasm of the student body. At the first open meeting of the swimming activities for the coming year in the new Fieldhouse pool last Saturday, a capacity crowd watched the events that lasted for several hours. Coach F. R. Eastwood, freshman swimming coach, seemed well satisfied with his freshman squad even though they trailed the varsity a greater part of the varsity-fresh-man swimming meet Saturday. Althey did not produce a victory, they were outstanding in several events and also gave the Varsity a great ■deal of competition. The varsity, coached by L. W. LaBree, is much improved over former seasons, and after seeing them in action there can be little doubt as to the possibilities of theilrecord this year. Besides having some excellent swimmers. Coach LaBree also has two far above average divers in George Wildhack and Garland Craig. They have performed several times this year and always prove to be the high light of every swimming show. Water polo is also gaining in importance in the swimming program, with both varsity and freshmen squads. The varsity is far superior at present, but there is plenty of material on the freshman squad, that will add to the varsity strength in the near future.
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
Kappa Delta Pi: Those who plan to attend regional conference at BaU State Teachers' College in Muncie January 22, sign up in Professor McFarland’s office in the Education Building as soon as possible. —BYRD. Zouaves: The l?eys are at my address and may be obtained there at any time before January 20. —FRANCOS. Chi Epsilon: Meeting January 18 at 7:30 p. m. in room B of the Union. Each member please bring a schedule of his final examinations. —WALING. Swimmers: During exams there will be no Triton Club swimming. There will he an open swim January 20. 26, and 27 from 4 to 6 p. m. —SCHWEHN. Alpha Lambda Delta: Members, who attended the initiation breakfast for new members, please bring 40 cents to the deaai of women’s office before February 1. —RANDALL. Union Sophomores: Important that all members of my committee get in tottw with me before January 31. -JACOBSON. Wesley Foundation: Morning Watch January 20. Winter course students invited. Mrs. McFadden will be leader. —PARSONS.
Union Sophomores: All workers interested in working op student book exchange January 31 through February 4 report to Union office to sign up. AU eligible sophomores are urged to participate. —STALLINGS.
A glance at the Purdue track-sit-uation at the present reveals the fact that the large squad which works out daily on the Fieldhouse track is ropnding out into good form as it goes into its third week of practice. Open Date One of Coach Phillips’ present problems, besides getting his proteges into shape, is that of filling in the date on the indoor schedule left vacant by the dropping of North Central, which was scheduled for February 12. Although Phillips has some feelers out for a substitute opener on this date, he says that it is most probable that a meet between the freshmen and varsity will be held instead. In this case, the first real meet of the season will be the triangular one with Northwestern and Wisconsin in the Fieldhouse, inaugurating the new type pf relay meet conceived by Purdue’s new track mentor. Bright Outlook “Phil” said that the turnout for the sport and the general appearance of the material was encouraging dt this stage of the season. With the facilities of the new trai^k providing a chance to get in training never before realized here at Purdue in addition to the large number of men who have reported every day, the Boilermaker track team should turn in a performance for the year which -will set a-new high in accomplishment. Faculty Man Addresses Rensselaer Rotary Club Dr. E. L. Bute, of the farm management department spoke yesterday on the “Outlqok for Farm Real Estate, Pi'ices,” at a noon meeting of the Rensselaer Rotary Club. Last ni^ht he met with the adiilt education class conducted by R. S. Bundy, agriculture teacher in the Rensselaer high school, where, he discussed the question of “Farm Real Estate as an Investment.”
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
HAVE. YOU—A. brown grip, zipper top, that don*t belong to you. If sb^^get in touch quick with the ticket agent. Big Pour Railway.
FOR RENT—Single room, second semester. Shower ahd soft water. $15. 736 N. Main street. Phone 55304.
FOR RENT—^One single room, half of double room. 460 Grant St. Phone 45072.
mmmm
\' f ■
■■v\; '^;';;v^::;,:;;:.!-.-:.r' .' '' ■i'^:''.
' ''r 'ft
f
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, January 19> 1938
\ m3
FRANKFORT vs. KOKOMO Like Cedric, you too cctn be saved. Only don't let the damages on your car catch up with you like this fire has caught Cedric. Have your car checked regularly at— Peter Anderson Co. 24 Hour Service Phone 4048 525 Alabama St.
Are these new^ complete book departments at SUOTHWORTH’S. This is an excellent time to start working on your library toward that prize. In the event that you are not familiar with this contest, you may learn details here. Our bookstore offers you complete departments on English, Astronomy, Arts, Theatre, Opera, Psychology, Reprints of Famous Books, Garden, and Furniture. Find out “What America Is Reading”j,by visiting the bookstore. This week they are reading “The Citadel” by A. J. Cronin and “Northwest Passage” by Kenneth Roberts for fiction. For non-fiction, “Woollcotts Second Reader” by Alex. Woollcott and “Madame Currie” by Eve Currie lead the list.
NOTRE DAME vs. BUTLER it’s at your fingertips in SOUTHWORTHS West Lafayette
While you re thinking about which teams will win, drop in for a chop Steak and root beer. Bert Triple XXX ARQUETTE vs, MICHIGAN STATE
In picking basketball teams — You can’t go wrong with Purdue. Seniors! Protect your education MARION ... vs. NEWCASTLE You will also pick a winner When you insure with The Lafayette Life Insurance Company A Mutual Old Line Company
PICK THE WINNERS (iioaJvdbu ! Here’s your chance to show just how much you know about picking Basketball scores. To make this contest even more interesting the EXPONENT is offering prizes of $3.00, $2.00, and $1.00 for the best three entries. Pick and win I Send your entry today. CONTEST RULES 1. Using your ability and any scientific method you may have, estimate the scores of the ten basketball games found in the advertisements on this page. 2. Write in twenty-five words or less, “Why I Think I Should Patronize Local Merchants.” 3. The decision of the judges shall be final. In case of ties duplicate prizes will be awarded. 4. Entries will be judged on accuracy, originality, and neatness. 5. Contests will be run every week through the Purdue 1938 basketball season. Entries must be in the EXPONENT office by 5 p. m, each Friday. 6. Scores must be on clipping of the contest page, or pages; or a reasonably exact facsimile thereof. 7. Entries will be received only if mailed by Campus Mail, left at the Union Desk, or left at the EXPONENT office. Address all entries to Local Advertising Manager, Purdue Exponent. 8. Results will be announced in the EXPONENT. 9. Members of the EXPONENT Staff, EXPONENT employees, or their families are not qualified for entry.
LAST WEEK'S PRIZE WINNERS First Prize—Award of $3.00 A. M. KRATTEBOL Second Prize—Award of $2.00 ROBERT H. THATCHER Third Prize-—Award of $1.00 BILL CARNES HONORABLE MENTION W. A. Beman, E. E. Butler, H. B. Forbes, J. H. Harvey, G, W. Roper, J. H, Thomson
RYT£X RIO PRINTED STATIONERY WITH PRIMITIVE CHARM AND MODERN SPARKLE . . . COLORS AS GAY AS THE RHUMBA OR AS SOFT AS A SERENADE. Two-color striped border in bright fiesta hues ... or a majestic palm design in soft pastel shades ... smart Threadloom paper in large double sheet size. 50 DOUBLE SHEETS 50 ENVELOPES
With printing on Sheets and Envelopes in smart lettering styles. HAYWOOD'S 5th and Ferry Streets Lafayette, Ind. JEFF vs. TECH (INDIANAPOLIS)
W atches—Diamonds—J ewelry
w.
ILLINOIS vs. OHIO STATE
THEN HE CHANGED TO GEISLER'S CLOTHES
SviTHE LAWYER YOUR HONORHESTHEPRjSONEfi
i
LOGANSPORT vs. RICHMOND 500 MAIN ST. . CLOTHES SHOP INC.
ierd <=>CuncL
-ee\
420 Main Street LOYOLA vs. CHICAGO
We Pay 40% CASH
for
Second Haiid Books Every Day H.G.(Deac)Reisner Bookstore NORTHWESTERN ., vs. MICHIGAN Everything for a College Education
Smash Hits! In Men’s Suits, Sweaters, Topcoats, Overcoats, Shirts and numerous other accessories. Only the latest styles are to be seen at NORTHWESTERN vs. OHIO STATE • 9
INC. In the Village