Thanks. Trexy'l-See You Monday
Purdue
Exponent
Z^lU
Volume 51. No. 63
Wednesday, November 22. 1939
I N Boilermakers Prime For Season’s Football Finale
WLW To Honor Lafayette West Lafayette Monday
'Salute To Cities!' Broadcast Will Originate In Eliza Fowler Hall WLW, the Nation’s Station, Cincinnati, Ohio, will bring its
microphones to the stage of Eliza Fowler Hall next Monday evening, November 27, to broadcast the “Salute to the Cities” program, heard every Monday from 10:30 to 11 Central Standard Time over that station. The %how will be a joint salute to Lafayette and West Lafayette, with emphasis placed on the part Purdue University plays in the lives of the two communities.
Graduate Writes Scripts Arthur S. Radkey, Purdue ’37, former prominent member of the WBAA staff, who has been with WLW-WSAI since his graduation, is in charge of producing the show. He writes the “Salute” scripts and will head the group coming from Cincinnati to run the broadcast. Music on the program will be furnished by the Purdue Concert Choir and the Purdue Men’s Glee Club, directed by Albert P. Stewart. It was hoped to have the Purdue Military Band take part, but Professor P. S. Emrick, its dii’ector, could not prepare the band in time, with Thanksgiving vacatioh three days this week, and the band working on football numbers for its appearance at the Indiana game Saturday. Mayors Will Speak Dwight S. Keim, mayor of West Lafayette, and Dr. A. S. Killian, mayor of Lafayette, will appear on the program, making short talks. Clare Johnson, secretary of the Greater Lafayette Chamber of Commerce, and Miss Mary Wagner, his assistant, have provided Radkey with historical and feature material about the two cities, as Thomas R. Johnston, Purdue’s director of publicity, has for the University. The broadcast is open to the public and those wishing to witness the program will be admitted to Fowler Hall by the front doers between 10:10 and 10:20 p. m. that evening. Dave Ross Speaks Before Pi Tau Sigma initiates At Banquet Speaking on “Purdue Research Foundation” David E. Ross occupied the featured spot on the progiam for the Pi Tau Sigma initiation banquet which was held at Lincoln lodge last night. G. A. Young, head of the ME school, made pertinent remarks on “Responsibilities of Leadership.” Ned A. Ochiltree was presented a mechanical engineers handbook at the banquet for having acquired the highest scholastic ranking of all ME freshmen in the preceding school year. Professor W. J. Cope was initiated as an honorary member. The undergraduate initiates were: S. G. Best, C. H. Simmons, J. H. Dean, E. E. Heston, R. R. Hansen, J. G. Broberg, F. C. Hendy, R. F. Yarber, R. M. Voyles, A. G. Bignall, E. B. Formanek, H. F. Kratz, J. K. Bryan, L. G. Schickler, J. P. Smith, R. L. Oblinger, R. J. Johnston, J. A. Waller, E. Carlquist, C. P. Ruppert, K. J. Thompson, S. G. Adler, W. K. Grise, L. V. Hollingsworth.
Phi Mu
. . . sorority entertained the ac tive chapter of Kappa Alpha Theta at dessert last evening, November 21, at their chapter house at 171 Littleton street.
Dr.HaakToSpeak At Open Meeting On Business Problems “Techniques for Solving the Problems of Business” will be discussed by Dr. Alfred P. Haake at the second general meeting of the Purdue Woman’s Club on Monday, November 27, at 8:30 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. All students are invited to attend the open meeting and hear the address. Dr. liaake, who was formerly a professor of economics at the University of Wisconsin, and at Rutger’s College, is considered one of the most brilliant and outstanding association executives in the country. Tuesday morning, November 28, Dr. Haake will address a group of engineering students on topics re*lated to their future vocation. Immediately following the address, a discussion forum will be conducted by Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, professor of management at the University. Forster, Manion Take New Jobs Hugh Forster, PSE ’38, Exponent associate editor and former president of Sigma Delta Chi, has left the staff of the Evansville Press to start an employe publication for the Armstrong Cork Company at Lancaster, Pa. Forster and his wife, the former Mary Jean Light, Sci ’38, have moved to Lancaster. R. P. “Rip” Manion, Exponent editor 1937-38, PSE graduate, simultaneously left the staff of the Indianapolis Times to take up his new position of business editor and school editor foi the Evansville Press. Band Prepares For 'Battle' At lU Game Concluding its final rehearsal in pre-Thanksgiving snow and sleet, the University Band made final preparations for the between-halves duel with Indiana’s musical organization. The “battle of the bands” is scheduled to entertain spectators at the traditional battle Saturday for the “Old Oaken Bucket.” Formations used earlier in the season have been polished for the affair, and will be presented in true military style. The band is scheduled to leave Saturday morning, and will travel to Bloomington by way of Indianapolis. WarpY Waterfall . . . and hi& Indiana University campus band will play for the “Old Oaken Bucket Hop” from 9 to 12 Friday night proceeding the Indiana game. Scene of dancing will be Alumni hall of lU’s Union building. Admission is the usual dollar per couple. /
Wisconsin Debate Team Wins Over University Squad Winning a hard-fought verbal battle from the Boilermakdebate team Wisconsin’s
er
W. E. Chritton, and R. Des Jardens triumphed over Maurice Kornowsky and Don Paarlberg in Fowler Hall last night. Affirmative Taking the affirmative side of the question. Resolved: “That the Federal Government Should Own and Operate the Railroads,” Karnowsky opened the argument for the University by asking his opponents if they actually justified competitive among railroads. His point was that railroads haul more than 66 per cent of the total products of the country and are owned by more than 40 million people.
/
Negative Opening for the negative debaters, Chritton showed that more than a million dollars are being spent daily by the railroads to make improvements such a^ streamlining and air-conditioning which have cut down the accident rate nearly 67 per cent. Paarlberg concluded for the affirmative by explaining that railroad bonds are now selling at only 50 per cent of their face value. He proposed that through .government OAvnership, present bopds could be replaced by similar equally-priced government bonds which would insure the railroads a constant annual income through their interest. Opponents Defiant Des Jardens furthered the negative cause by defying the affirmative side to prove that the government could insure better service than that now guaranteed by the lailroads. Dr. J. H. McBurney, school of Speech of Northwestern University, who acted as judge for the contest, awarded the very close decision to the visiting Badger squad.
Senior Grid Stars Seek To Keep Four Year Slate Intact Gunning for another victory over Indiana’s Hoosiers andydetermined to preserve their record of never having seen a Boilermaker team lose to the down state rivals, a rec-ord-breaking group of 27 senior Riveter gridders will wind up their collegiate gridiron careers against the Crimson squad in the annual battle for the Old Oaken Bucket. These Boilermakers have never witnessed a Hoosier victory in the traditional" Indiana civil war. As frosh they watched Gee Isbell and Vern Huffman match passes in the epic 20-20 tie. As sophomores they contributed to a 13-7 Boilermaker victory. Last year they were even more instrumental in the Riveter triumph which featured Jack Brown’s touchdown dash with the opening kickoff. Seventeen major lettermen, six minor lettermen, and four capable reserves make up the huge graduating group whose loss will literally riddle the Boilermaker squad. These men are: Jack Brown, Lou Brock, Leon DeWitte, Paul Liebrecht, Ted Hennis, Fred Montague, Red Shackleton, Bob Vyverberg, Gene Britt, Jack Krause, Ralph Lehr, Felix Mackiewicz, Whitey Johnson, Dick Johnson, Dick Potter, Frank Bykowski, Moe Aronson, Augie Morningstar, Basil Pet Albert Thom, Don Yeager, Carl Verplank, and Eli Yeager. Cattlemen Will Convene Here For Annual Meeting Hoosier livestockmen will attend the annual fall meeting of the Indiana Cattle Feeder’s Association, Friday, Nov. 24, here at the University. Speakers on the program include Paul C. Smith, James H. Boyle and F. M. Simpson, and Swift and Company officials, who will speak on the beef industry. Discussions on the problems of cattle buying and beef distributions related to the cattle feeder, the packer, and the meat distributor will be included with the scheduled speeches.
Squad Determined To Win New Gold 'P^ For 'Old Oaken Bucket Determined to dangle another Old Gold ‘T” from the wooden staves of the “Old Oaken Bucket,” Indiana’s greatest football symbol, the Boilermaker gridiron forces will face Bo McMillin’s unpredictable Hoosiers in their final game of the season at Bloomington Saturday. It will be the fifteenth meeting of the two rivals since the “Bucket” was inaugurated back in 1925, and the Riveters will be out to forge the 10th “P” on the brass chain that at the present tiipe contains nine ‘T’s’*, three “Fs”, and a pair of “IP’s”.
Chariot Eldred To Speak At Charm School On Nov. 29 Chariot Eldred, Detroit Regional Manager for Beauty Counselors, will address co-eds at the WSGAYWCA Charm School to be held Wednesday afternoon, November 29, at 4 o’clock in the 'v^omen’s lounge of the Union. The subject of Mrs. Eldred’s talk will be “Your Mirror Can Reveal Loveliness,” and will deal with make-up tricks, good grooming, and general pointers as to how you may look your best. Mrs. Eldred is a graduate of LawHeywood School, Stamford, Conn., and has studied art at the School of Fine Arts Crafts and Decorative Design in Boston, Mass. At the present time she is supervising the activities of approximately one thousand beayty counselors in the Middle West. Thursday, November 29, Mrs. Eldred will conduct personal interviews, free to all co-eds, from 9 a. m. to 5:30 p. m. in the old Agriculturist office on the second floor of the Union. Each co-ed will be advised as to the correct make-up for her and may receive a facial if desired. Any co-ed wishing to have an interview must sign in the WSGA office before 4 p. m. Wednesday, November 29. Alice Newton and Bernadette Dygert are in charge of the Charm School. Camera Club Sets Deadline
Campus Host To Consternation For Entries In Fall Exhibit
As 'Ye Expo' Special Appears
By Gordon Fletcher Many of you gullible guys and gals took big bites of Exponent yesterday morning, but maybe the article referring to “sg” was a little hard to see early in the day. Anyway you ate breakfast with a vengeance, sent hasty telegrams cancelling homecomings, and cursed loudly all over the campus. In most of the fraternities, sororities, and halls, the early risers came down to eat their usual leisurely breakfasts and get the Tuesday grouch out of their systems, before the happy souls had arisen. But to be confronted with the announcement that Thanksgiving vacation had been cancelled was too much! Well, I’ll Be !!?*? With remarks resembling “Well, I’ll be doggoned” and “Why did they have to do this to us?” coffee land toast were hastily gulped. In one house the call boy ran through the dorm waving a paper shouting, “It’s 6 o’clock, but get up.” Freshmen arq reputed to be the most gullil^le beings on the campus, but in Cary Hall this is not the case. For wasn’t it a senior who arose early, did his daily dozen, and picked up his copy of Ye Expo to digest the daily news before any-
one else got up? And didn’t this same senior run down the hall yelling at the top of his voice, waking sleeping freshmen only to turn them into cursing maniacs? Chicago—Yes? No? And how woud you feel if you were the wife of an English professor and had a lovely vacation in Chicago all planned, and had to call the office to see if it had to be cancelled? Or maybe you were the ed who called to find if the announcement of co-ed hours was bona fide or if it was just more of our blasted stuff. Then there was the freshman who cried because he couldn’t see his mamma and poppa, the ed who thought the story of the football accident was badly written because the names of those injured weren’t given, and the speech instructor who apeflogized to his class for not having an advanced assignment for Thursday. Ignorant? Doc Miller was angry, because he admitted he usually believes what he reads in pi'int and said the sub h^ad “Doc Miller Ignorant” was a bit of pure fabrication. Possibly we should have delayed the Ye Expo edition for one day since everybody was wide awake in their 8 o’clock yesterday and today is penalty day!
As Tuesday, November 28 November 28 has been set as the deadline for entries in the University Camera Club fall exhibit to be held in the Music Room*of the Union November 29 through Decem-
ber 6.
Open to all students, as well as University staff members, the exhibit will display all tsrpes of pictures. Entry blanks are now available in the Student Union*offices, two being necessary for each print entered. Offered as prizes thi^ year are the following: five dollars for the best picture, three dollars for the winning picture in each division, and one dollar for second place in each of the groups. Four classifications of prints will be portrait, landscape, still life, and miscellaneous. Prints must be not less than eight by ten in size and no larger than eleven by fourteen. All must be mounted on standard sixteen by twenty white or light ' cream mounts. An entry fee of 25c will be charged all non-members. Dr. Z. M. Smith . . . member of the University agiicultural 'extension staff and state leader of 4-H club work, was honored last week in Washington when he was voted a certificate of recognition by Epsilon Sigma Phi, honorary fraternity for extension workeis.
Anyone’s Game Judging from previous encounters, the Purdue-Indiana football games are seldom successfully fought on paper, and as in the past years little can be said about Saturday’s battle with regard to the season performances of the two teams. So far this fall, the Hoosiers have run roughshod over Wisconsin while the Boilermakers barely managed to tie the Badgers, and against Iowa the Cream and Crimson tide amassed a total of 29 points as compared with the Riveter’s failure to cross the Hawkeye goal. On the other hand, the Gold and Black forces completely aimihilated Michigan State, while last week the Hoosiers were lucky to imerge from the Spartan fray with a tie. Speed And Aerial Attack The Boilermakers are banking on their fast running attack and newly perfected aerial fireworks that completed 15 out of 28 tosses against Wisconsin, to match the scoring punch of the Indiana aggregation. The Hoosier passing attack is built around Harold Hursh, a newcomer to McMillin’s regular ranks, and has accounted for the greater part of the Cream and Crimson’s scoring this year. Injuries to key men have again taken their toll on the Boilermaker ranks as a result of last week’s encounter with the Badgers. Ted Hennis, veteran blocking quarterback, who tore the ligaments in his knee, has definitely been forced out of the season’s final. Two other regulats, Whitey Johnson, right tackle, and Felix Mackiewicz, right end, are on the doubtful list but may be able to see some action against the Hoosiers. Carl Verplank, another veteran who has been forced to watch the last few games from the sidelines because of an ailing side, is also definitely out of Saturday’s encounter. 9 Seniors To Start The Boilermakers starting personnel for the Hoosier battle will in all probability be composed of nine seniors, who will be playing their last game under the Gold and Black, and a pair of juniors, Dave Rankin, candidate for All-American left end honors, and Jack Winchell, right guard. A combination of typical Indiana snow and slush drove the Boiler■makers indoors yesterday afternoon, where Elward sent his charges prancing through a lengthy drill that was concentrated on perfecting the Riveter aerial attack. The Riveters will wind up their preparations for the game with a light drill here Friday afternoon, and wiU entrain for Bloomington Saturday morning, arriving in ample time for the early kickoff scheduled for 1:30.
NOTICE Complaints have come to the University administration that there has been considerable tampering with the mail boxes along roadsides in the vicinity of West Lafayette. Purdue students have been accused of these depredations. Such an act is punishable by severe penalties. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT, President.IMH
v^» ft-^
b -> j
s V
in
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday# November 22, 1939
Jimdif. JalL
Five Years For Engineers
But
Incidentally
Arguments pro and con for a five-year curricula in engineering at Purdue have been constantly voiced by Purdue engineers. Last week the annual national meeting of the Society of Land Grant Colleges and Universities was held in Washington, D. C., but nothing was decided concerning the five-year program. As our four-year curricula now stands, each of the eight semesters is so packed with courses of a technical nature that the average engineer finds, at the end of the regular four years, that his acquaintance with the broader cultural aspects of education has been neglected.
By Petrov ’ We made the awful mistake yesterday of opening our desk drawer. We should have known that desk drawers should not be opened without due forethought. As it was, there was a minor explosion as highly compressed junk sprang into open air. We tried to shut the drawer hurriedly, but it was too late. The drawer was carrying a 200 per cent overload and refused to be shut. There was only one thing to do—clean the darned drawer out.
If our engineering curricula were to be extended another year, it would be possible for many engineers to schedule other valuable courses in sociology, government, history, English, and electives from other departments. This might be a good move toward the production of well-rounded engineers from Purdue.
Among the interesting things we found: a watch in need of a new crystal since the mustache hunt, a pair of sun glasses unused since summer, a beer can opener reminiscent of sunnier days, a stirrer from New York’s Hotel Park Central, a pack of playing cards purchased for use on the inspection trip. Also a Belt’s studs which weVe been meaning to return since August, two passes^l^^ Lafayette theater, a miniature of a brunette^^|||Mjrfour years ago, and so many pins we could go into^lsiiBipness.
George Gross, our chem instructor, who brings apples to his female students, is in a pretty kettle of fish. Madge Neimeyer, Fuzzy, was his constant companion before this and she didn’t know what was going on, either. The rest is up to her of course. Q i —B & B—
On the other hand, five years of college expenses would be a heavy load for the student who works his way through school. An extra year of time is demanded, which might be a deciding factor for some prospective engineers. However, perhaps the inauguration of a fiveyear engineering curricula would be the best way of limiting enrollment of men in a fastcrowding field, while at the same time increasing the quality of engineers which Purdue sends into that field. Five-year curricula already have been established at a few schools. The University of Michigan has a five-year course in mechanical engineering, with a bachelor of science degree being awarded at the end of the fourth year. The University of Texas offers five-year courses in architecture and in interior architecture; the Agricultural and Mechanical College of Texas schedules five-year courses in architecture and petroleum engineering. The University of Alaska, far up in the 65th degree of latitude, offers five-year curricula in its school of mines and in its department of civil engineering. Perhaps a solution to the problem would be to retain the present common first year in engineering, then allow the student to follow a planned schedule of either three or four more years, as he chooses.
It’s really a heck of a lot of fun, because for minute of cleaning up, you can get about fifteen of reminiscences.
' Bob Be^t, forestry junior, made the Military Ball more than a ‘formal occasion’ for his girl friend. Marge Christine. When she wasn’t looking, he slipped a beautiful engagement ring on the finger usually reserved for things such as this. —B & B— My guess is that it is a little more serious than passing out a pin.
We were so inspired that we started through our filing system. The continuity was foul, but the surprise was fascinating. We found much stuff that we’ve started and never finished. This included a diary whose last entry is dated July 17th, and an incomplete constitution of a fraternity we dreamed up one evening. It bore the title, “The Fraternity of Signa Phi Nothing,” and proceeded as follows:
Purdua Exponent
B. B. Inslcy
Vr. B. Smith.
..BditoP-ln-CUtf
“We, being the stalwart pillars of the Sweet Shop and recognized Mixer menaces, do hereby establish for posterity a fraternal organization for nature’s noblemen, those logarithmic Lotharios, those campus Casanovas, those davenport Don Juans, the college Joes, in order to establish, coordinate, and maintain the high ideals of a carefree college career, as exemplified by the practices and policies of its founders . .
Sp«rts. STM
Published dally except Monday dnrlnsr the academic year. Entered as second class coatter at the poet office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Conyrcss of Hueh 8, 1879. end at the special rata of postaee proTided for in Sectloa 1108, Act of October 8, 1917, anthorlaed January SO, 1988. ttSenBSENTBD FOR NATIONAU ADVBRTIelNO BY
National Advertising Service, Inc.
That’s as far as we got, and it’s probably just as well.
All we foimd under “Answer immediately,” were fourteen letters, one bill, and a bunch of econ notes, and filed under “Z” was a letter we got last spring that inspired us to hang our fraternity pin./ We quickly replaced the letter under “Z.”
And checked to make sure the guard was securely fastened on our pin.
College Publishers Retresentattve 420 Madison Ave New York N. Y CHICASO - BOSTON - LOS ANGELES SAN FRANCISCO National AdrertiaiuK Representatives: National Advertisins Scrvioc^ Im-. dSI MimHson Avenue, New York, N. Y. Member Associated Collegiate Press. This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in It, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the
Editorial Director.
Delivered by carrier, fS per academic year; by mail, $8.60. Business office locate at 812 N. Fifth Street; editorial office. Union Building; sports office. Field House. Night Editor DeHoog Issue Editor Rttffner
Midland College has a special courtesy week during which students wear such tags as “smile” and “thank you.”
THURSDAY - FRIDAY — 2 DAYS ONLY
LmA
—LAST TIMES T0DAY-
BING CROSBY — IN — THE STAR MAKERS
— AND — ANN SHERIDAN — IN — "WINTER CAflNlVAL'
THURS. - FRI. - SAT.
RICHARD ARLEN ANDY DEVINE — IN — 'Legion of Losf Flyers' — AND —
CHARLES STARRETT — IN —
'The Man From Sundown'
NOW PLAYING
The Picture of the Year!. .
biAid
-TODAY-
GARDEN OF THE MOON — WITH — Pat O'Brien — John Payne Margaret Lindsay — PLUS —
TAILSPIN TOMMY — IN — PAK6ER FLIGHT
STARTS TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
One Fighting Man
Against a City's i
m fCHESTER MORRIS FRANCES MERCER RITA JOHNSON BRUCE CABOT
PLUS
GOING PLACES — WITH — DICK POWELL ANITA LOUISE
-S H A N ^
^/le ^Spirit of DL
^ ^ ^ Thanksgiving Greetings to PURDUE Students ^ JhsL fiwvdiUL TyisumuhiaL lAniofL
The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
which is the common thing around here. ' —B & B— This babble of imports still hasn’t come to a head. Jesse M. Shaver, of the Sig house, has changed his mind about women. His usual topic of conversation nowadays is what a fine idea this “importing” is, which brings to my mind the simple question, “Now why in the heck should he feel like that all of a sudden?” —B & B— SAE Pledge Eobert Olesen is even trying to enter an import in the Debris beauty contest. For those who are also trying to do this, .remember that this contes£ is limited to beautiful girls only . . . which means, no imports. —B&B—
PENALTY DATES
During the present semester there are four penalty dates. They are from noon November 21 to noon November 22, November 27, December 20, and January 4. These days represent the 24-hour periods before and after the Thanksgiving and Christmas recesses. Executive Memorandum: No excuse will be granted I>rior to any absence on penalty dates.—^Any student, absent for reasons beyond his control or marked absent by mistake, may file with the Dea"h of Men 'a certified, detailed statement eiplaining the case within seven days following the close of the recess petitioning for exemption from the disciplinary fee. Penalty Rule: Any student who Is absent from a regular meeting of a class during the twenty four hours (not including Saturday afternoon nor Sunday) immediately preceding or following an authorized holiday or recess shall pay to the Cashier an extra fee of $6.00 for each twenty four hour period or fractioa thereof missed. M. L. FISHER. Dean of Men.
United States is the largest buy-
er of both gem and industrial dia-
BiudnMS Bfiuutftr
D. G. Tarrio Editorial DIreetor G. W. Frederick. . Jlaiutgtaur BMtor B. H. AntoalnL-Senler Advartlains Manager G, BchUllng 04d Editor R. JenUne Sporto Edtior Phones: Editorial, 4«»6; Barinesa, 6088;
Even the co-eds pull a close one once in a while. Freddy Knotts and Jeanne Rasterholtz have known (?) each other for more than six years, and have probably pledged themselves to each other and all that sort of stuff. The climax was his taking her to the Ball, after which they again cooed soft words to each other about truth and love. Fred turned out to be some sort of a fish, because his honored woman was seen sneaking out of the Club escorted by brother rat, Dick Long, the night after said Ball. —B & B— Because of yesterday’s Exponent no one will probably believe what is included in this column today . . . it’s all the truth! By the way, did you see the freshmen grouped around the southwest corner of the Music Hall—watching it sink ? —B & B— G’bye now. I’m headin’ for that turkey at home.
monds m the world.
Twenty per cent of the national income is our present tax burden— about 13 billion dollars a year.
— AND — 'WILD HORSE CANYON' — WITH — JACK RANDALL —ALSO — “RED BARRY," SERIAL EXTRA
THE MAGINOT LINE)"
THURS. - FRI. - SAT. WHISPERING ENEMIES HEROES OF THE HILLS LONE RANGER RIDES AGAIN
Make a Hit at Home
^jCU^AmL
SHIRT
WITH *jAYSONIZED NO-STARCH, NO-WILT COLLAR
2.00
J ay son Troy-tailored this shirt for us to meet the demands of many customers who have requested an ultra high quality shirt with the advantage of the *Jay6onized no-starch, no-wilt collar. The result is luxurious quality in fabric and in needling details and a collar that looks stiff gnd stays soft, without starching, through wearings and washings. In white and a variety of colors and patterns in high count fabrics and exclusive design.
A shirt that is America’s No. 1 shirt value in quality and tailoring. e o o o
SANFORIZED SHRUNK —Fabric Shrinkage less than 1% — Federal Specifications CCC-T-191A.
’’'Made under Celanese patents
Iy
S' t
Wednesday, November 22, 19^9
f ^xpomnL SpohJtA. fiaqsL
^ •
^isJibuiiL. QhokiL By Robert J. Deckard Symbols of rivalry between universities and colleges have been rife since the advent of football into the American sports proCTam, but one of the most colonul rivalries that has ever been promulgated by a brace of pigskin teams is that between Purdue and Indiana. —^fc— As is knowni throughout the nation, the fight for the Old Oaken
4 Gore "contour cut" made of finest quatity rayon satin . . . with pull proof double stitched seams. Its shimmering beauty and perfect fit are permanenti
“LORRAINE” PANTIES A good assortment, famous for fit. Every conceivable style, fabric, weight and texture. Tailored — lace trimmed. 59c THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622-626 Main St.
Bucket is one of the most colorful battles that occur during a football campaign, the Boilermaker and I Cream and Crimson gridiron contingents fighting it out for possession of the coveted symbol of rivalry. —felt was only in 1926 when the Hoosier schools began the Bucket series, and the result has been such a hot altercations for the; Bucket that a fire in a powder house would seem to be as cool as cucumber. —fc— From where FC sits it looks as if Indiana will be favored to getythe Bucket back this year ... Just take a look at the scores of games the two have played. —^fc— Nevertheless, FC still has hope in the Boilermakers . . . They’re a fighting bunch of lads . . . They’ve come up against greater odds before ... S’help me, PC believes they can INUNDATE INDIANA!
Phi Kappa Sigs Take Touchball Crown
fvers To Miller In End Zone For Lone Tally In 6-0 Victory Climaxing the long battle for supremacy among the other fraternities on the campus. Phi Kappa Sigma triumphed over a hard fighting Phi Kappa Tau nine to assume the inter-fra-ternity touchball championship. Final scor^, 6-0. Hard Blocking Helps i i i r ■
EXOTIC NEW XAII. TONE
It’s the clear, exhilarating red seen in the colorful bazaars of Fez. Wear it with deep or bright greens, nut browns, blacks and with your ornamental jewelry. SIXTY CENTS The polish women say ''wears like iron”l
LOCB & H ENC COMPANY
Hard, accurate blocking was predominate, with Fisher of the Taus and Evers, Kappa Sig, keeping the air full of pigskin. The first half was marked by high, long distance kicking by both sides, especially one by Fisher which was downed within the Sig five-yard stripe. On the next play, however, the ball was returned to within the Taus ten-yard line, where the half ended. Play was resumed with the Taus taking the ball on their ovm goal, and finally kicking after unsuccessful pass attempts. But Kappa Sigs threatend immediately with long aerial thrusts by Evers. A long pass from Evers to Miller was then completed in the end zone for the
JPUA, SiLlUL Ja&JtSLL SnoeiL'
Have you tried our delicious biscuits?
GRAVES QUALITY BAKERY Phone 3852 124 State, W. L. ‘^Catering to Fraternities and Sororities”
Romantic Inspirations
Military Ball is over—the formal season is definitely in. Be lovelier than ever in a soft, muted shade. Be gay and daring in a bright, saucy shade. This FalTs new spirit of elegance is at its most impressive in our exquisite gowns for formal occasions. How about those so-important accessories that bring such charm and individuality to your formal costume? We have hose, slippers, handkerchiefs, wraps, gloves and jewelry. Don't forget to give them their share of wise consideration.
415 Main Street
Phone 5900
winning six points. ^ Fight To Score From then on, the game was marfed by desperate attempts on the part of the Taus to even the score, with several beautiful passes by Fisher broken up by the sig defense. In the closing seconds of the game, a long pass to the Sig goal line was allowed on interference ruling, but the Sigs held until the gun went off ending the battle.
Liquified helium produces the coldest cold known to man, only a few degrees above absolute zero— 450 degrees below zero Fahrenheit.
The Scorecard By Rolfe Jenkins Not so sad is the tale of Scorecard this week. We present a double dose of results for your perusal, including those which were in that little black notebook which was returned a couple of days ago. John Walley and Glen L. Phillips tied for top honors the week of the Boilermaker - Wildcat game, each picking 16 winners out of 19. One of the 20 games was discarded, as it was scheduled incorrectly. Walley missed only the Harvard-Army, lowa-Notre Dame and Oregon-Ore-gon State games, while Phillips backed the wrong teams in the Pittsburgh-Carnegie Tech, and, like Walley, the lowa-Notre Dame, and Oregon-Oregon State games. Allman Approaches Perfection Now for last week end. M. S. Allman proved the best guesser to date, getting 17 of the winners out of 20 last Saturday, missing only on the three tie games. Even on them he was close. He guessed Purdue 7 to 6 over Wisconsin, and the score was 7-7. He picked Indiana over Michigan State and the game ended 7-7; his UCLA-Santa Clara
A pipe for every personality. SOOTHWORTH'S IN THE VILLAGE
CARBURETOR V 5 Pat No 2 082,106 t m KAYWOODIE U In this Kaywoodie pipe, called the Carburetor Kaywoodie, a wonderfully sweetsmoking pipe has lieen improved by the application of a neat little principle of physics. When you take a puff at one of these Carburetor Kaywoodies, you automatically draw air in through a tiny inlet in the bottom of the bowl. That incoming air keeps the smoke cool, sweet and serene, no matter how belligerently you puff. In fact, the harder you puff, the more air comes in. That’s why it’s called a Carburetor Kaywoodie. Everybody knows that a Kaywoodie is the most so-cially-conscious of pipes—gets itself admired everywhere. And the Kaywoodie Flavor is famous. But don’t let us urge you—Shown above, No. 22. KAYWC^DIE COMPANY Rockef^ierC^ter, New York and London
Deac says 1,000 of these pipes for your selection. H. G. "Deac" REISNER BOOK STORE
guess was 6-0, but the final score was 0-0. Next to Allman were two men with three less winners, J. L, Traugott finally came into his own, hitting 14 winners. Ed Hicks also hit 14, and was the only one to pick the Purdue-Wisconsin score correct, 7-7. With 13-7 were Jim Lough, B. S. Jackewicz, Gar Johnson and John Gatlin, who was exactly right on the Georgia Tech 6-0 win over Alabama. Allman was exactly right on the Missouri victory over Oklahoma’s previously unbeaten eleven, 7-6. One guesser was right on only 6 games (just to show you how tough the week was, in spite of the 17 right ones for Allman, who, with most sport writers would rate a 1.000 average, as they throw out ties). Here are the games for this week, and if you can’t get them in today you might mail them. Our guesses are with the games, but we know that j^ou won’t be influenced. PURDUE ? INDIANA ? Michigan 7, Ohio State 0. Iowa 14, Northwestern 7. Minnesota 14, Wisconsin 0. Chicago 0, Illinois 20. Notre Dame 14, So. California IS. Oklahoma 14, Nebraska 7. Carnegie Tech 7, Duquesne 14. Michigan State 13, Temple 10. Navy 7, Princeton 19. Camell 34, Pennsylvania 0. Harvard 7, Yale 6. Alabama 13, Vanderbilt 6. Baylor 7, So. Methodist 20. Boston College 6, Kansas St. 13. Mississippi St. 0, Mississippi 14. Oregon 7, Washington 0, California 7, Stanford 0. Auburn 13, Georgia 6. Colgate 7, Columbia 19.
Here’s something new in bowl games: University of Dayton students are planning a “pansy bowl.” The game’ll be between the “Dazzling Day Dogs” and the “Battling Border Rats.” Which doesn’t sound a bit pansy-like to us!
trade ih wro OID RADIO AT ' ' f lealer’s Name
Includes 2 Rectifiers $49.95
MODEL 7739M WITH FOREIGN BAND Powerful two band superheterodyne, with latest Croslcy and improved push button tuning, plus the newest feature in radio, Crosley Curveflector. This new tone diffuser gives even distribution of sound throughout the room. By all means, see and hear this outstanding radio value. Tunes broadcasts from 535 to 1725 kc. and foreign band from 5.8 to 18.3 megacycles. »
TODAY’S BEST BUY
C. B. KLINKER SALES CO.
827-29 MAIN
PHONE 7950\
. - Pi
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, November 22, 1939
and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $2!).76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main Street. ’
day afternoon, November 30, please sign up in Prof. Cope’s office. -Group will be limited to 20. —VOYLES.
me before November 26.
-BOLZ
Finishes Second In Big Ten Meet
FOR SALE—'Four Indiana game tickets, together, situated on Purdue’s side of bend behind goal. Regular price, $3. Call Mack, 8444.
fWAA; Dancing call out Monday, November, 27, at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. All co-eds interested arc invited.
All Military Students: Uniforms will Tiot be required for drills or classes Wednesday, November 22. —WISELOGEL.
Stellar cross-country man Ed Holderman succeeded in holding up Boilermaker honor in the Western Confei'ence meet at Washington Park, Chicago, on Monday. Finishing the gi'ueling four mile trek just 80 yards behind Wisconsin’s Walt Mehl, Holderman came in second, and helped bring back to the Riveter campus a third place for the team. The Wisconsin Badgers took first, third, and fourth places to win first place in the meet, while Indiana grabbed second honors. The victory for the Boilermaker thinlies is very important since the cross-country team has had cpnsiderable ‘^trouble in getting started this fall, having won only one out of four dual meets in spite of Holdei'man’s fine performances.
FOR SALE—Kodak, F 4.6 compur shutter, built-in timen, 2%x4%. Cheap. Call 66753. Raymond.
Men’s All-Campus Bowling Tournament : Entries must be turned in to Student Union office by Thursday, November 28. —BROOKS
Women Fencers: There will be a fencing call out Monday, November 27, at 4 p. m. in Women’s Gym. All girls interested in fencing are iiivited. —STICKLER.
LOST AND FOUND
ME 61 & 62: An examination for removal of conditions will be given in each of these courses on Saturday, December 2, at 1 p. m, in room 801 ME building. Those intending to take either of these examinations notify
^Chess Team: The following members of tne chess team meet at the Union Saturday, November 26, at 6:80 a. m.: Cartner, I.egg, Boynton, Begelow,. and Stewart. —GOLF.
LOST—A small gold signet ring, initials D. O. Reward. Call 2694.
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m.
CE 6 Students: Examination for the removal of C or I grades in Surveying (CE 6) will be given on Saturday, December 2. Students may obtain permits in Room 102, Civil Engineering building. —LOMMEL.
Dolphin Pledges: Initiation fees must be paid to me before Friday, December 1. —COLBY. .
Tau Beta Pi Piedges: All pledges meet in room C of the Union at 4 p. m. Monday, November 27. Bring sketches of plaque. —GRANGER.
Classified Ads
Lutheran Students: A meeting of the L. S. A. will be held in the old Agriculturist office in the Union at 7:16 p. m., Thursday, November 30. —^HALL.
MISCELLANEOUS BOARD AND ROOM—Available January 1st, Junior or Senior, $25 month. Phone 6862.
Sigma Delta Chi: All actives please meet in PIA office at 7:30 p. m. Tuesday, November 28 for Important meeting. Prospec-, tive pledges wilt report at 8 p. m. —TERRIO.
WANTED FOR WINTERSET—To borrow or rent one blue sailor’s suit (for tall, slender man). Phone Bernice Beisel, 41893.
Scabbard and Blade: Important meeting of all members and pledges Wednesday, December 29, at 7:30 p. m. Place to be designated later. Watch bulletin board in Armory. —OLSON.
FOR SALE TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard
ASME Juniors and sopnoihores: Those interested in an inspection trip through the Aluminum Co. and Ross Gear Co. Thurs-
ARROW SHIRTS
If you prefer them. See our ad in this issue.
You have Arrow to J>e thankful for!
S URE you're a smoothie and rate the generous welcome home, but Arrow claims a small measure of credit for the build;jjp. Thank Arrow for—■ 1. The famous Arrow collars on your shirts. 2. The Mitoga cut- — shaped to your torso. 3. Sanforized-shrunk (fabric shrinkage less than l%) .means a permanent fit. 4. Anchored buttons — that never pull off. 5. Exclusive patterns and high count fabrics.
6. Authentic university styles.
Before leaving the campus stock up on some new Arrows and set the home town agog. $2 up.
ARROfV SHIRTS
COLLARS . . . TIES . . . HANDKERCHIEFS . . . UNDERWEAR
Complete Line of Arrow Shirts
GULLION’S In the Village
More HEAT Per Dollar in this Better Coal
DEEP jrVEIN
Quality coal at Bargain Prices is our aim. At North Star Coal Co. you’ll find better coal at lower prices, to solve every heating requirement.
Be sure to sees us before you plan the purchase of your winter coal supply. North Star Coal suits every purse and purpose and we assure prompt delivery on every order. Lump — $6.25 6x3 Egg 6.00 10 Mesh Stoker 5.25
North Star Coal Co.
Phone 2405
308 Brown
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
o Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4fh. & Main Phone 570)
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Hardware
• Dine
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
• Dairy Products
M. E. Morehouse DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Locksmith
kEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
• jewelers
Hays jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE jEWELRY at Moderate Prices
YOU, TOO, CAN BE A quarterback.
• You only weigh 150? play-ri8»-or pass? Okay. But can y ears? Notre in 30 seconds with ^“j^veals how quarterbacks Dame’s C°ach Elm« bayde^.^^ skulduggery. • •
k X
pull Amerm^^^^
by
ELMER lAYDEN with D. C. Grant
♦ k
"Ynu don’t care, do you, Lily, nV pet? Mike m>nmto!herkmrt^^n^ 0/atari. rn^rairch^amdoutonove.
"WeverMentionYoarName
by RUTH LYONS
ff
and .. .in the same issue Mac^^ X ^ you an emotional short J^Louaon.HowHapMl lyesof nhoyhemgev^^^f^^”“,i„ „e Drys B. We Could Be ... A-p timely radio dis10 the wots, by Stanley ag pumhfromShangl-^-”^ ,ud Halh „„ .pMie Sow.. • ems, Post Scripts and and'WaiiamBrent.ed 16 swell cartoons... all
ei New Story by MARJORIE KfNNANRAWUNGS Author of ”THE YEARLING"
Some women never do learn the best way to hold a man is to let go—at "the right moment. Will Dover’s steatopygic wife sagged the scales at 220—but it was her heavy hand that got her in trouble! (Plenty of chuckles in this one!) A short story.
Cocks Must Crow