5 h ^ ^ ^ y <
It ''T^-^ 4*
-7<j|wi|? %A
Purdue
Z.185
Exponent
Voltime 51> No. 109
Wednesday. February 14, 1940
Holm Dancers To Present f™'’(<«■"«
Modern Recital Tonight
Tonight at eight o’clock in Fowler Hall Hanya Holm and dance company will present a modem dance recital. The recital is being sponsored by the Modem Dance Clubs with the aid of Women’s Athletic Association, Physical Education Department for Women, Student Union Board, Gold P/eppers, Women’s SelfGoverning Association, faculty and townspeople.
Miss Holm who is a internation-
ally known concert dancer and teacher received her training at the Wigman School of the Dance in Dresden, Germany. After breaking
away from this school, she estab-
lished her own school of dance in
New York. For the past few years
the artist has taught at the Bennington School of the Dance, at Bennington, Vermont and at Mills
College at Oakland, California. Miss
Holm is particularly famed for her concert work and has been rated by outstanding critics as one of the
foremost American dancers. Th€^ recital will bei' composed of
five dances including both solo and
group numbers. Each of the dances
will portray a different phase of modern dance. The choregraphy for the entire recital has been arranged by Miss Holm. Numbers on the program are Dance of Introduction,
Tragic Exodus, Dance of Work and
Play, Two Primitive Rhythms, and
Metropolitan Daily.
A few reserved seats may be obtained for one dollar at the door this evening for faculty and townspeople. Co-eds and eds will be admitted upon presentation of passports, co-eds anytime and eds at
eight o’clock.
. . . which were tak^n at the Sigma Delta Chi Riveter’s Rassle will appear as a special feature “spread” in issue 13 of ’’Collegiate Digest,” rotogravure section which will be distributed with the “Exponent” on
Sunday.
Lost and Found Lost articles may be recovered at the Student Senate office, room 360 of the Union, between the hours of 4 and 5:45 p. m. daily except Saturday and Sunday. —John Stewart.
Former Pedalions Will Receive D G Charter Saturday When the former Pedalion soroi'ity becomes Beta Iota Chapter of Delta Gamma next Saturday afternoon, February 17, the eighth national sorority will be established on the campus. The Delta Gamma national president, Miss Marguerite Winant, and three other national officers will be hei’e to participate in installation ceremonies. They will be entertained by the Pan-Hellenic council on the campus and the newly Organized city council at a tea at the Alpha Chi Omega house Friday afternoon. Friday night the Delta Gamma colony will serve a buffet supper to the national officers, Pedalion alumnae, and the patronesses of the new chapter. Pledging of former Pedalion members, patronesses, and new girls will take place Saturday morning at 9 o’clock in the Union. On Saturday afternoon initiation ceremonies foi 55 will be held in room 363 at the Union, and the new chapter will be installed at this time. The Beta Iota charter will be presented at the banquet that evening for all members of Delta Gamma.
WSGA Frosh Elections Scheduled For Mass Meeting This Month Elections for WSGA freshmen representatives will be held at a mass meeting of the organization on Thursday, February 29, at 4 p. m. in the women’s lounge of the Union. Any regularly enrolled fres Union. Any regularly enrolled freshman woman student is eligible to petition for these offices. Those candidates who participated in last semester’s elections may also sub-
mit petitions.
These petitions which read, “We, the undersigned do hereby nominate for the position of freshmen representative on the WSGA executive board for the second semester of the year 193940,” are to be signed by 25 freshmen women and must be turned in to Ann Sickman, WRH South by 11 p. m. Sunday, February 25. Two of the co-eds will be elected. All freshmen co-eds may vote for their representatives upon the presentation
of passports.
Following the elections Mr. Robert Horn of the Speech department will address the co-eds on the procedure and etiquette of business in-
terviewing.
University Women T0 Sponsor Bridge Valentine’s Day will be theme of the decorations at a bridge party to be sponsored tonight at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Union by the recent graduate group of the American Association of University Women. Prizes will be awarded to the winners. Tickets may be purchased from Dorothy Goan, Doris Hawley, or at the door for 25 cents. Student Basketball . . . tickets for the coming Iowa and Indiana games will begin next Monday and continue for four days. The tickets, which may be obtained by presenting properly validated identification cards will be distributed according to the following
schedule:
Tuesday Set As Day For Semi-finals In All-Campus Discussion Tourney Thirty participants stili remained in the all-campus discussion tournament after the furious verbal battle which raged at the quarter-final round of the contest held in the various fraternities last Thursday night. Those still remaining in the tour-
Noted Author^ Lecturer Speaks Here Tomorrow Henry C. Wolfe, noted and amazingly accurate commentator and lecturer on European affairs, is coming to the campus tomorrow night to discuss “What is Happening in the World Today.” The lecture, a part of the regular University convocation program, will be delivered in the Memorial Gymnasium at 8 p. m.
Seniors Juniors' . . Sophomores Freshmen ...
Monday Tuesday Wednesday . Thursday
nament will enter the semi-finals to be hbld next Tuesday evening. During this round the participants will discuss both the problem and solu-" tion phases to the problem of propaganda. The judging for this round will differ slightly from previous eliminations in that only the top ranking three from eaclj group will be chosen for the final stage of the discussion. To insure the fairest possible judging, the Forensic Board has chosen three judges for each group in the semi-finals. Top ranking among the sororities according to the number of points received are Chi Omega, 43; Kappa Kappa Gamma, 40; and Kappa Alpha Theta, 26. The leading fraternities in the race are Phi Kappa, 37; Sigma Alpha Mu, 36; and Alpha Chi Rho, 34. Still In Tournament Following are those still remaining in the tournament who will receive their assignments by Thursday evening: Chi Omega, McKee, Melia, Fishliegh, and Miller; Sigma Alpha Mu, Mardoh, Van Bremer, and Bach; Phi Kappa, Brock, Gorsh; Sigma Chi, Martin and Dierks; Kappa Kappa Gamma, Carlol. Beard, Skinner, and King; Alpha Xi Delta, Hursch; Pi Beta Phi, Bachelder; Alpha Tau Omega, Goll and Wells; Triangle, Massey; Pi Kappa ' Alpha, Schorenstheimer; Alpha Chi Rho, Squires, Hamilton, and Beer; Phi Delta Theta, Jackson; Kappa Delta Rho, Jolls; Beta Theta Pi, Stanbaugh, Sylvia; Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Dimond; Delta Upsilon, McKillip; Alpha Gamma Rho, Hackleman. .Wesley Foundation Plans Sunday Supper-Meeting Wesley Foundation will entertain members of the Hillel Foundation on Sunday evening, with supper at 5 p. m. followed by a joint religious program at 6:30. Miss Martha Mil- > ler will serve the supper, with music furnished by a brass quartet under the leadership of Dale Moffat. Rabbi Meyer H. Simon will speak at the 6:30 program, reviewing Sholem Asch’s new book: “The Nazarene.” Robert Henry, former president of the Wesley Foundation will act as chairman of the program.
Cop// - Holm & Co. Goos To Press
Ye modern Metropolitan Daily straight to you with the complete coverage. That’s what Hanya Holm and her dance company will present to you tonight for their final number. It’s all clean copy and the proofreading is leputed to be of the very best. The idea was propogated in the active mind of Miss Holm through an experience that everyone of you has been reading the dailies (or at least we hope so). Turning through the leaves of the paper, Miss Holm and her group stop first at the financial section and present to you a satire on the buzz and hub-bub of a busy and thriving stock market. Dashing across the stage on one roller skate, one of the dancers typifies the lyiessenger boy who is always the abused “catch it all” boy of all work. If you really would like to know how a ticker tape operates, just notice the actions of one of the dancers who does a very good job of portraying it.
Dirt—How We Love It The Scandal Column next attracts the attention of the group. Much as we doubt its truth, it’s the women who are again gossiping. Third stop is the Society Section. In this dance Miss Holm and group do a very clever bit of satire on “The Four-Hundred.” The high hatters and fancy steppers all receive their share of it. The “nose in the air” Fifth and Park Avenue societiers are played up in the dancer’s revue. “Wanted—work for two women” —these words catch the eye of the reader of the want ad page. In this section the dance group does the one serious dance of the number. This dance is done by two of the artists who portray the down and out individual who is in earnest search of a sustenance. In the section on Foreign News a conservative and sensational reporter vie with each other as to the relative merits of the work of eadi.
Qwaank! Qwaank! Quite a surprise awaits the audience in the comic division. In this section Donald Duck captures the scene along with some of his other very worthy or at least very entertaining mat mates. The costumes in £his section add to the color and tone of the number. The Amazon woman really takes over in the next section of the paper —it’s hard to guess, but it’s the sport section. Here, a satire on the sport-minded woman is presented. All the spoz’ts are taken into account. Girls, you’re in for a razzing if yov’re one of those sport minded individuals. All in all, it promises to be an interesting daily ai^ if you’ve been planing for some tim'e’^now to catch up on that reading, drop ip-.,at the concert and see Miss Holm and her
group.
Scabbard And Blade To Hold Formal Ball Friday, February 23 Actives and pledges of Scabbard and Blade will take over the reins of the new ballroom the night of February 23 when they are scheduled to hold their annual formal
ball.
When announcing the ball, Andy Perrin, dance committee chairman of the ball stated that “The ball will be formal with either tux or tails proper for the eds and evening gowns for the co-eds.” He further stated that Scabbard and Blade actives and pledges will wear formal uniform as is the custom for formal military balls. Bids for the dance have been limited by the honorary to Scabbard and Blade members and pledges and their guests only. An unusual feature of the affair will be the absence of the customary corsage in the attire of the co-eds attending. Music for the dance will be furnished in the “light and polite” style of Charlie Cartwright, and his band. Featuring Don Elkins, Bob Lindig, Walt Schaeffer, and Danny Burke, this twelve piece band has made its appearance on the campus several times during the past. During intermission new pledges of Scabbard and Blade will be announced. Farm Leaders Will Confer Here With Manufacturers In an attempt to promote better understanding and a wider appreciation of the importance of the farm problem in national economy. Director Harry J. Reed of the Agritural Extension Department, in cooperation with P. L. Davis, member of the agriculture committee of the National Association of Manufacturers, has called a conference between this committee and the leaders of the various farm groups in Indiana for February 20 and 21. First Formal Program For the seven previous meetings similar to this one that have been held in the United States, no formal program^ has been prepared, since it is the purpose of the gathering to stimulate careful thinking on farm problems through informal discussion. Such topics as trade agreements with foreign lands and their effects on agriculture, the price of farm machinery, Stabilization of the prices of farm products, price disparity between farm and manufactured products, surpluses, crop control, and conservation will probably be considered. The meeting will begin at noon on the 20th and continue through noon on the 21st. Warren W. Shoemaker, chairman of the manufacturers’ committee, will head the visiting manufacturers, and with him will be Dr. John M. Coulter, well known farm economist who is advisor to the manufacturers committee. Sigma A/pha Mu
Independent Calls For 2nd Semester Frosh, Sophomores The Purdue Independent is issuing its first second-semester call for freshman knd sophomore workers. The paper is published every other week, and the staff starts work on each issue at 4 p. m. on the preceding afternoon. The Independent offers activity for the student who cannot spare time to work every day, but who are still interested in newspaper work, either for experience or pleasure. '!^e work is divided into two branches: business and editor-
ial.
Business Staff, Too Freshmen and sophomores interested in the business side will work with the advertising staff, and those who choose editorial work will be given story-assignments. | Staff members are rewarded with keys for their work on the paper, bronze, silver, and gold keys going to those who have worked one, two, ^d three years, respectively. Freshmen and sophomores who want to work on the paper should report to Don Smith, managing editor, in the PIA office, next to the Music Room, at 4 p. m. this afternoon. SDX Will Award Cup To Rushville Paper For Second Time The Rushville Republican will again this year receive the Sigma Delta Chi Purdue chapter cup which is awarded annually to the best newspaper in a town of 6,000 population or under. The Hoosier State Press Association judges the contest, and presentation of the cup to editor Louis D. Hiner will be made at the Association convention banquet in Indianapolis on Friday, February 23, by SDX president, Don Terrio. Thirteen pledges of Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity, will also be initiated at the convention in a joint ceremony with other Indiana chapters. Men who will be initiatd ai’e James McKee, Rolund DeHoog, John Willsey, Dan Heiple, Morgan Miers, Robert Donahue, Joseph Dolan, Stewart Marquis, Lawrence Ar'chibald, Don Smith, James Hebbeler. Jack Orr, and Roger Finley.
Long Experience In a twenty-two year study of conditions throughout Europe, during which time he has been received as a guest by both royalty and primitive Tartar tribesmen, Wolfe has had an opportunity to formulate an opinion on world affairs that few men can challenge. He has been in a position to sqe the problem from almost all of its many sides. And in recognition of these studies, he has been decorated by six governments, including the now dispossessed Polish Republic. Foresaw Russian Alliance Just last June, while sitting on the lid of Europe’s powder barrel, Henry Wolfe foresaw the Russian alliance with Germany. His prediction based on what he had observed in the capitals of the “Zwichenland” (the in-between lands) bordering on Germany and Russia, was received with skepticism, but since Hitler and Stalin got together last August, experts are ready to accept subsequent predictions more thoughtfully. Writes In Magazines Articles by Wolfe have appeared in the Atlantic Monthly, Saturday Review of Literature, New York Times Magazine, The Commentator, Current History, American Mercury, American Scholar, and Harpers. Those appearing in the February and Juiife issues of Harpers were selected by a council of librarians as being among the outstanding magazine articles of the month. It was in the June article that he predicted the Russo-German alliance. All passports and season tickets will be valid for admission to the convo which will last for one night only. Union Calls Frosh For Activity Work All freshmen interested in the Union as an activity will attend a mass meeting for Union workers this afternoon in the Union reception room at 4:15. At the meeting, Vince Hruby, activities chairman, Dave Brubeck, executive, and Louise Schickler, co-ed executive, will speak on the various functions of the Student Union. Each freshman attending this meeting will be assigned to a staff headed by a Union vice-president and during the semester will be given a chance to become acquainted with all of the phases of Union work. Skull House . .. announces the pledging of the following men: Donald Brocking, Indianapolis; Roger Schutt, Indianapolis; James King, River Forest, Illinois.
* Once Again, Female Greeks Get Chance To Favor The 'Only One'
Tails, tuxes, corsages, and taxis, formals and hangovers, proud eds escorting the flower of the organized women of the campus . . . Pan Hel is here again. Pan with Bob Zurke’s band . . . the biggest organized woman’s dance of the year ... and the one which offers female Greeks a golden opportunity to pay back the long-suffering eds for their many super dance bids. How quickly the time has flown; it seems like only a few weeks ago that we were swinging out with a handsome senior at last year’s Pan
... in the old ball room . . . where
. . . social fraternity, announcesArt Kassel and his band held sway, the pledging of Bud Glazer, Ander-And bere we are paying back a new son. crop of men ... in spite of the fact
that such minor disasters as national fraternity conventions are shortening the lists of eligible men on the campus. Who says that “This Year’s Crop of Kisses” . . . isn’t what last year’s was? Because this is leap year, and that accounts for the theme of this season’s Pan Hellenic Ball. Rumor hath it that even such a famous philosopher as Vladimir of the Exponent has not yet received his bid . . . so on the ball, co-eds. The eds can watch Zurke’s beautiful vocalist perform . . . even if they don’t like to dance ... and after all... we have to go or pay for your tickets anyhow. Business before pleasure, we always say.^ '> j' ^ ^ , 1 ? i. t ^ r
^ ■''^1 ' ’ ? ft t ,’’ ' 1 ^ ’ h iwi r. ' V ^
K0S'
'^%'t'"
li?:
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday. February 14, 1940
Greenskeepers To Hold Third Annual Meeting At Purdue Economical maintenance of better turf for golf courses will be emphasized on the program of the third annual Greenskeepers’ Conference to be held here at Purdue University on Tuesday and Wednesday, February 27-28, according to an announcement made here today by M. L. Clevett, of the division of physical education for men,‘who is in general charge of arrangements. I The Purdue Department of Agri- \ cultural Extension, Indiana Greenskeepers Association, Indiana Golf Association, and Indiana Professional Golfers’ Association are all cooperating with the division of physical education for men in the conduct of the two-day meeting which is designed to present practical information for greens chairmen, golf greenskeepers, and other having turf problems. Dr. John Monteith, Jr., in charge of greens section operation of the U. S. Golf Association, Washington, D. C., will make three appearances before the conference. Dr. Monteith will take up the question of experimental putting greens as well as the results of long-time fertilizer tests on turf and will also speak before the annual banquet on Tuesday evening, February 27. Among the other authorities on various phases of golf course maintenance who will appear on the conference program will be O. J. Noer, of the Milwaukee Sewage Commission; Carl Bretzlalf, of the Meridian Hills Country Club, Indianapolis, president of the Indiana Greenskeepers Association; R. H. Wileman, of the University agricultural engineering department; William Diddel, of Indianapolis, widely known golf architect; William Bodden, Purdue chief accountant; Frank Hockema, assistant to , the president, Purdue, and Joe Steckel, assistant in agronomy, Purdue. An opportunity will be afforded the visitors to inspect the University soils testing laboratory as well as the new golf course which is now in the process of construction.
Camera Club Plans LectureClasses Union Camera Club .will inaugurate a series of lectures this evening at 7 iSO p. m. in room 263 of the new Union addition. These lectures, which will continue for three weeks are designed to make the novice photographer more familiar with photographic equipment and processes. A talk on cameras and talking pictures will be the first lecture. This lecture will attempt to make the novice more familiar with the various types of cameras and their respective merits. Some simple rules of composition and picturetaking will be given. More Lectures Coming The second talk of the series, which will be given a week from tonight, will be a talk on films and developers. The various types of films will be discussed from a nontechnical standpoint, and develop- • ing characteristics of certain developers will be explained. This lecture is designed to help the beginner choose the best film and developer for his own use. The third talk of the series will concern printing and enlarging. It is hoped that the Camera Club’s new darkrooms will be ready by this time, so that a demonstration can be carried on in conjunction with the lecture. The more experienced photographer will find that he will be able to pick up a few hints in these lectures. WBAA Stages^First Radio Safety Quiz Under the direction of James Wilson, the Public Safety Institute of Purdue University held its first Radio Safety Quiz over Station WBAA, Monday afternoon. The quiz contest will be held every other Monday over WBAA from 2 to 2:30 p. m. Recreational activity will be the subject on the next piogram which is scheduled for February 26. Students from Jefferson high school, Lafayette, West Lafayette high school, Ladoga high school and Darlington high School will participate.
Entomologists To Meet WBAA Announces Winners Here March 21 and 22 In First Radio Safety Quiz
Plans are being completed for the 19th annual North Central States Entomologists Conference which is to be held at Purdue University March 21 and 22. Prof. J. J. Davis will be in general charge of the affair. The conference will include discussions of requested topics by leaders in the field. A half-day sectional meeting is proposed at which time prominent commercial operators will participate. Central States Plant Board will meet on the campus March 20 for a conference on the present status of grasshopper research. All sessions of both conferences will be held.m the Memorial Union Building. AAUW Plans Bridge Party Tomorrow Recent graduate group of the AA UW will sponsor a bridge party tomorrow evening at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Union. A Valentine’s Day theme will be carried out apid prizes will be given. Tickets may be purchased from Dorothy Coan, Doris Hawley, or at the door, for 25 cents.
Queens College has added 69 new courses for the second half of the present school year.
Thif production will not be ■bown anywhere except at advanced prtcee ... at leait until 1941.
Exactly ai ehown la ita lamed Atlanta and Broadway Premieres.
GONEWIWHE'WINO
BOX OFFICE NOW OPEN DAILY 9:00 a. m. to 9:00 p. m. NIGHT SHOWS (8 P. M.> All Seats Reserved $1.10 Incl. Tax SUNDAY MAT. (2 P. M.) All SeaH Reserved $1.10 Incl. Tax WEEKDAY MATS. CONTINUOUS Not Reserved 75e Incl. Tax GOOD SEATS STILL AVAILABLE LAFAYETTE , STAm^Tlr.! feb.'n
Dr. Davis Will Speak On Teacher Training Dr. George E. Davis, head of teacher placement bureau, will address the meeting of Kappa Delta Pi, education honorary, tonight, at 7:30 in room 201 of the Education building. This is an open meeting to all juniors and seniors interested in teaching after graduation. Dr. Davis, is known as an authority on problems confronting new teachers. A question and answer period will folldw the address, “Teacher Training.” All interested students are invited to attend.
WBAA
WEDNESDAY 11:00—Far East Problems Mr. Gordon Enders 11:60—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Farm Facts for Farm Folks 12:15—Sports Review 12:30—^Luncheon Dance Time 12:46—Monitor Views the News 1:00—Religious News 1:15—Meditations—Rev. Hubert Reynolds 1:30—Our Wonder World 2:00—Lanterns of China Mrs. Elizabeth Crump Enders 2:15—June Eller—pianist 2:30—The Bookman 2:45—^Hymn Echoes—Mrs. Irvan Jackson 3:00—Home Decorator 3:30—Ether Editor—Hank Miller 4:00—What Slums Cost You 4:15—Campus Interviews 4:45—Story Book Hour l-M Schedules BASKETBALL Today Court 1—Rechenbach 7-00—Ward 22 vs. Ward 12 7:16—Ward 42 vs Waid 41 Court 2— 7:00— 7:15— Court 3—Aronson 7 00—Ward 8 vs Ward 10 7-15—Ward 39 vs. Ward 2 8 00—^Cary Hall 9 vs Ward 24 Championship in “A.” Court 4—Kurtz 7 00—Waid 13 vs Ward 25 7 :16—Sigma Chi vs Phi Kappa Psi 8 00—Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Tau Epsilon Phi 8 15—Phi Delta Theta vs Alpha Tau Omega.
Completing the first Radio Safety Quiz,” sponsored by the public safety institute of Purdue University, WBAA has announced the following winners: Peggy Schaefer, Rossville; Bill Burns, Rossville; Leota Adams, Delphi; and Bill Freeman, Crawfordsville. Since they placed two students on the winning team, Rossville High School placed first in the competition for their division. Other high schools competing in this division were. Monitor, Delphi, and Crawfordsville. On the next quiz, scheduled for Monday, February 26, students from Jetferson (Lafayette), West Lafayette, Ladoga and Darlington High Schools will compete. “General Safety” will be the subject discussed under the direction of James Wilson of the Institute staif, who is in charge. Seven Members ... of the Univeisity Glider Club attended the Chicagoland soaring foium>at the Hotel Sherman in Chicago February 10-11. The members of the club operated the Purdue launching winch to pull off eight sailplanes in a public motorless flying demonstration at Elmhurst, 111., aii’poit. Representatives from Illinois, Indiana, Wisconsin, and Michigan attended the foium.
Classified Ads
FOE SALE FOR SALE—^Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29 76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershofl, 605 Main street.
FOR RENT
WANTED—Roommates. Two room apartment, bathroom adjoining. Single beds. 157 Pierce, Phone 76634. LOST-—Please return Dietzgen slide rule No 651,461 to owner or to Union Lost and Found. No questions Reward.
birici
TODAY DOUBLE FEATURE Stan LAUREL Oliver HARDY — IN — The Flying Deuces — PLUS — ERROL FLYNN BETTE DAVIS in Elizabeth and Essex
STARTS TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE The Four Most Dangerous Men Alive! o« rU -rOUR lUSf MEN” $y EDGAR WAILAGE FRANK LAWTON ANNA LEE GRIFFITH JONES
A MONOGRAM PICTURE
— PLUS — IA SONG-HIT ON HIS UPS... : A LULLABY IN EITHER FISTI
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m. Chess Club: Regular meeting of the Chess Club tonight, February 14, at 7 p. m. in the game room. —GOFF. Cosmopolitan Club: Election of national president, vice president, and corresponding secretary Friday, February 16, at 4:30 p. m. in reception room of the Union. Have nominations ready. Pledging of new members also. All members urged to he present. —SHICKEL. Religious Council: Meeting Wednesday, February 14, at 7 p. m. in room 304 (old Engineer office) of the Union. Important. —SWOPE.
WAA Basketball: Open practice at 4 p. m. Thursday, February 16. At 6 p. m. Ward 1 vs. WRH South team 2. —BRITTON.
Alpha Zcta: No meeting this week. —HITCHCOCK.
KAA Class Volley Ball: G^mes for all class teams Wednesday and Friday, February 14 and 16 at 4 p. m. instead of Thursday. —MORRIS. All Junior Women: Please look for story in Thursday’s paper. Details concerning call-out of general interest. —CREPPS.
Prom Committee: Meet in the Independent office Saturday, February 17, at 2:30 p, m. —ROYCE. / Senior Tactics: War Department training films “Attack” and “The Tactical Employment of Chemical Troops in Attack” will be shown in room 104 of the Armory starting at 4:10 p. m on Friday, February 16, and Monday, February 19. These pictures are shown in connection with the course in “Tactics”; attendance is optional. —THOMPSON.
Examinations for condition removals in History, Economics and Government: These will be held Saturday, March 9, at 1:00 p. m , loom 303, in the Recitation Building. Application must be made in the History office no later than Friday, March 8. —ESTEY.
Purdue ESgineer: The following men will report to the Engineer office at 4 p. m on Thursday, February 15, for a special meeting: Ullman, Raphael, Zeigler, McDonald, Salzer, McAllister, Weiss, Worthington, Kruder, Richardson, Hussey, Hawkins, and Shootei —SQUIRES
Math Condition Exams: Examinations for removal of conditions in mathematics will be held Saturday, March 9, in the Recitation building. Report to the instructor who gave the condition before February 18. —HEAD.
Fraternity Presidents Council: Special meeting at 7 :16 p. m., Thursday, February 16, at Delta Upsilon house. Please be prompt. —CATTERALL.
Military Tournament Boxers: Finalists in the 116 pound class, are requested to report to Captain Larr, by phone or in person, before Thursday, February 16th —LARR.
Battery Athletic Officers: Battery athletic officers are reminded to look in their boxes in the Armory before Wednesday for orders r^arding Intramural boxing and basketballT —LARR.
Union Sophomores: The Browsing room staff will please meet in the Union office at 4 p. m., Tuesday^ February 15. Very important meeting.
Ag Chem Club: Meet in Union, Thursday, February 16, at 7:80 for important discussion and election of o cers Location later. —PARKER
Catalyst Club: Important meeting at 7 :30 p. m., Thursday, February 16, in Room 110 of the Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering Building. AH members are urged to be present. Discussion of joining Alpha Chi Sigma will be held. (2-16) —OMOHUNDBO
Deac says:— Life is just what you make it. There is no substitute for hard woik. All knowledge is tied up in books. If you own the book you may get this knowledge for yourself if you tr-y. Paid Ad
BLUEBIRD POPULAR RELEASE
On Sale This Week
B-10582 Watching the Clock— F. T. (V. R.) Dance with a Dolly (With a hole in Her Stocking) —F. T. (V. R.) Tony Pastor and his Orchestra B-10584 Comanche War Dance— F. T. ^ Tailin' at the Tappa— Charlie Barnet and his Orchestra B-10585 Playmates—F. T. (V. R.) Between You and Me—>F. T. (V. R.) Mitchell Ayres and his Fashions m Music B-10587 Missouri Walt*—Waltx Beautiful Ohio—Waltz Glenn Miller and his Orchestra B-10588 The Creaking Old Mill on the Creek—Walt* (V. R.) Don't Kiss and Tell— F. T. (V. R.) Vincent Lopez and his Suave Swing Orchestra B-10589 The Hot Gavotte tum-tiddle-iddie-um-dee-ay)—F. T. (V. R.) Burn, Firewood, Burn— F. T. (V. R.) Shep Fields and his Rippling Rhythm B-10590 Give a Little Whistle Holy Smoke (Can't Ya Take a Joke?) The Four King Sisters with Orchestra conducted by Alvino Ray
The Foster Shop Autborbed Dealen RCA - VICTROLAS - VICTOR RECORDS East Side Square
GRIN AND BEAR IT \.A I zi ~
By Lichty
(f
Copr ISIObrUnUrdreatun Syi dicnic Inc Tm Ret li 8 I ul Off —AU riyhtL merred
‘You give ’em 500 gallons—Mac can polish up the pumps and I’ll wash his windows and tidy up the place.”
Thirty-Three Club: Tentative meeting scheduled for Tuesday night, February 20. Leave your schediriea for free nights in PIA box at east desk of Union. Everyone please cooperate (2-17) HECKMAN.
A.Ph.A. Meeting: Tuesday, February 13, in room 208, Pharmacy building at 4:00. Impo ttma . 7z2 Important. —OSBORN. PIA Dance Class: First meeting has been postponed until next week. Please watch notice column for time and place. Registration will be continued in PIA office this week. (2-17) —LUTZ. PIA Freshmen and Sophomores; There will be a staff organization meeting in the PIA office at 4 p m., Wednesday, February 14. —SMITH.
Flying Club: Very important meeting in room 212 of the Union at 7 :00 p. m. Wednesday, February 14. Time for Debris photograph will be announced. Only those who have paid ail back dues, initiation fee, and dues for this semester will be allowed in the picture. Pins ordered are here. Bring your money. —KIMBALL.
—HAMMAN. English and Speech Conditions: Examinations for removal of conditions in English and speech will be held Saturday, March 2, beginning at 1 p. m in room 201 of the Education building —CREEK
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting Wednesday, February 14, in WSGA office at 4 p. m. instead of usual time because of Hanya Holm dance program. ' —SICKMAN. Glider Club: Meet in room B at 7 p. m , Thuisday, February 16, for a short business meeting. Bring dues, —MILLER.
Junior Military: All Juniors report to supply room at once to be measured for leggings for summer camp. —HATTAN.
Eta Kappa Nu: Important meeting Wednesday, February 14, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 134 of the EE building. —KEEN.
LU^ — THURS. - FRL - SAT.— 2 FIRST RUN HITS!
MUS^SilEn
PLUS—2ND FEATURE H— vadfL- »»**? LAST DAY—2 FEATURES
Lew Ayres L. Barrymore in "Secrets of Dr. Kildare'
"Charlie Chan in the City of Darkness"
TOMORROW - FRIDAY — 2 DAYS ONLY —
(‘OKAY, I’ll FUT MY AUNS AROUND YOUR NKK...BUT IF ANYTHINO COMBS OB THIS. RIMBMBIR YOU SIARnO 111"
JAMES STEWART MARGARET SULLIVAN — IN — 'The Shop Around the Corner'
IldARS TOMORROW - FRIDAY — 2 DAYS ONLY —
JANE WITHERS starts stepping out ..and is if fun I HiOl JOE BROWN, Jr.'^UOYD CORRIGAN ClAIRE DU BREY • LYNNE ROBERTS PAUL HARVEY • CLIFF EDWARDS LAST DAY
BURGESS MERIDITH —JN — 'OF MICE and MEN'
ARC
— Last Times Today ■
<i®§IMI«J©NE WAyMAJfllW — AND-
— THURS.-FRL-SAT.— DURANGO VALLEY RAIDERS WITNESS VANISHES ZORRO'S FIGHTING LEGION'i /
Wednesday. February 14. 1940
£xfiomnL fiaqsL
Riveter Swimmers t^ace Chicago In Battle Today Riveter mermen are to meet a well balanced Maroon team today in their second Big Ten tank encounter of the season. Boilermaker Swimming Mentor, Dick Papenguth, states that the meet should be a close encounter in spite of the fact that the Gold and Black team is suffering from sickness and ineligibilities. '
Among the Maroon swimmers to give the local boys more than a little to worry over are Stem, a back stroker and free styler; Anderson and Bethkey, breast strokers; and Jordan, a free styler. Traveling Squad The men that Coach Papenguth will take to the Windy City are: Don Anderson, E. Tingley, Fred Herr, Captain John Graham, Tom Harris, Dick Kratzer, Prank Branner, Alex Kusko, Dick Smith, G. W. Walt, Gordon Bloomquist, Carl Moller, Ralph Colby, Ted Anderson, and Frank Parkus, the gymnast that has recently turned his talents to the sister sport of diving. The Boilermaker swimmers will be seeking to get back into the win column after their decisive defeat at the hands of the Michigan State Spartan squad last Saturday. They will also be shooting for their first Big Ten victory of the season. In their first conference meet the Riveters lost to a strong Northwestern squad. Squad Riddled by Injuries Coach Dick Papenguth feels that his Boilermaker tankmen will give a good showing today despite the fact that the team is riddled with injuries and ineligibilities. Chuck Siler, junior distance man, has been lost to the squad for the rest of the season due to illness. This is a great loss, since Chuck and Captain Graham could always be counted on to place well up in the 220 and 440 yard free style events.
Ward Aquatic Teams To Battle Thursday With medals offered as compensation to members of winning , teams, the ward swimming meet will get under way tomorrow night at 7 o’clock in the fieldhouse pool. Events scheduled are 100 yard free style, 220 yard relay, 220 yard free style, and fancy diving. Competition IS limited to three events for any one man, including the relay. / Swimming Coach Dick Papenguth will offer training instructions to those interested from 4 to 5 p. m. today and tomorrow. i. jR. Bonebrake . . . civil engineering graduate, January, 1940, has accepted a position with the Argonaut Construction Division of General Motors, Detroit, Michigan.
The Boilermaker water polo team will play the Maroon teanTafter the meet. The Chicago poloists have always been among the strongest in Big Ten competition and last year were tied with Northwestern for first place in the final rankings.
BEGINNER'S CLASS OPENS Wed. Feb. 28, 7:30 p. m. Study Under a Nationally Known Instructor—P. M. Allen Graduate Chalif Russian School N. Y. City President of Chicago Ass'n of Dancing Masters Past Five Years.
To Experienced Dancers NEW ADVANCED CLASS Opens Thurs. Feb. 29th
THE ALLEN SCHOOL OF DANCING INDIANA’S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL 6th and Ferry Sts. Phone 2150
GIVING A GIFT
OR
PRIZE? Most people think SHEAFFER' Pens and Pencils are glorious gifts (and they are) but they think SHEAFFER'S are costly (and they're NOT). When you think of the things that cost more, and provide far less "wallop"— well, you'll choose a SHEAFFERl Pens, Pencils, Matched Sets and "Dry-Proof" Desk Sets for every gift or prize occasion. Choose from our complete stock.
Pent, SS.75 up. Peneili, $1,00 up. Mulched Sels, S3.95 up. "Diy-Prool" Deill Sett, $5.00 up.
SheafferS
DECKER'S
518-20 Maiii(St.
Phone 5036
Sigma Pi Gagers Annex Greek Net Championship Paced by Joe Close and Frank Bykowski, the Sigma Pi basketball team annexed the Class “A” fraternity hardwood championship Monday night by trouncing the Alpha Gamma Rhb quintet, 30-20. As the climax of a long series of elimination games these two teams came through to meet in the finals and battle for the fraternity net crown. ^ Close connected four times from the floor and twice from the free throw line to rack up 10 points. Bykowski, erstwhile gridiron star, sank four baskets and one free throw for nine points. Jim Williamson led the second place AGR team with five field goals, tallying an even half of his team’s total score. Tonight the Cary Hall 9 quintet will meet Ward 24 to determine the champ of the Ward-Cary Hall circuit. Cary Hall 9 beat Cary Hall 10 and Ward 24 beat Ward 6 in the semi-finals. Interfraternity Ping Pong Woniy Phi Kappa Tau Emerging victorious in an elimination tournament of thirty-two entrants, Phi Kappa Tau won the intejjfraternity ping pong doubles match which was held in the Fieldhouse, Monday. In the semi-finals Bower and Stahl of Phi Kappa Tau defeated Bailey and Crawford of Delta Tau Delta while Nemeth and Parsons of Phi Kappa were defeating Nassau and Resnick of Sigma Alpha Mii. In the finals the Phi Kappa Tau team was victorious in three close, hard fought matches.
D ECC A ALL-STAR RECORDS 3 for $1.00
JIMMY DORSEY And His Orchestra 2925 Now You Know—FT-VC Do It Again—FT-VC 2961 Cherokee—Inst.-FT A Man and His Drums Featuring Buddy Schutz at Drums
BING CROSBY
and
CONNIE BOSWELL
Vocal Duet
2948 Between 18th and 19th On Chestnut Street Wrap Your Troubles In
Bing Crosby
Dreams
TONY MARTIN Vocal with Orchestra 2932 All the Things You Are It's A Blue World 2936 Careless Indian Summer
Decca Album Sets VICTOR HERBERT MELODIES from Paramount Picture "The Great Victor Herbert" VOLUME ONE Album No. 38—List Price $2.25 2315 Ah! Sweet Mystery Of Life! Sweethearts Bing Crosby 2316 I'm Falling In Love With Someone Gypsy Love Song Bing Crosby and Frances Langford 2317 Italian Street Song Florence George and Max Terr's Choristers Selections From "The Fortune Teller" Victor Young and His Concert Orchestra 2318 Toyland Rudy Valee and Max Terr's Choristers March of the Toys Victor Young and His Concert Orchestra 2319 Indian Summer (An American Idyll) Yesterthoughts Victor Young and His Concert Orchestra
SEARS, ROEBUCK f AND CO.
2 North Third St. Phone 4039
Boilermaker Netters Prepare For lllini
Lambert Develops Defense T0 Stop High Scormg Squad
HapacLeadsIn Current Big Ten Scoring Race Despite the disadvantage of having played one less game than the other leaders. Captain Bill Hapac, a tall, dark haired senior from Illinois, is at the top of the scoring pinnacle at the mid-point of the current Western Conference cam-
paign.
Hapac was forced to remain at home due to an attack of the flu while his teammates traveled to Bloomington to engage the powerful Hoosier five in the Big Ten opener, but he has had his scoring throttle wide open during the last five games and is now resting safely in the lead with a nine point advantage over his closest challenger, husky Bob Klein of Northwestern. Hapac now has a five game average of 17 points per game, climaxed the past week-end in the games with Minnesota and Northwestern. Saturday night the Illini ace ripped Ernie Andres’ single game record to bits, as he dropped 34 points through the hoop to better the former Hoosier’s mark by four points. Last Minute Victory Again Monday night Hapac, although scoring only nine points, looped in the winning goal over the Wildcats in the last 38 seconds to give the Illini their fourth victory of the season and undisputed possession of second place in the conference standing. The Champaign comet further astonished the idolizing Illinois fans in Monday’s game by hurling the ball high into the rafters in the final few seconds to make sure that the Wildcats would not cap a last second bucket. An interesting point in the 1940 Big Ten scoring race is the fact that four sophomores are among the first ten in scoring prowess. In addition to Klein, in second place, other second year men aspiring to high scoring laurels are Don Blanken of Purdue, in 9ighth place, Dan Carlson of Minnesota, in ninth place, and Iowa’s Vic Siegel rushing the leaders in fourth place. Siegel moved from tenth to fourth Monday night in the g^e against Ohio State when he amassed nineteen points against the defending Big Ten champs. England, Fourth Gene England, of Wisconsin, who was leading the race before mid-
semester vacation, came back up to fourth place Monday night as he. paced the Badgers to their two point victory over Minnesota with 15 points to his credit. Following in close order below the four leaders are Curly Armstrong, Indiana forward, and Rae and Pink of Michigan in fifth, sixth, and seventh positionh, with big Bill JVlenke, Hoosier center, in the number ten spot. Other Boilermakers below Blanken, who has 69 points racked up, are Dan Fisher, with 43, Frosty Sprowl, with 40, and Bob Igney
with 32.
The records of the ten scoring
leaders are as follows:
With the victory over Chicago as another stride in the conquest for the current Western Conference basketball crown, the Boilermaker hardwood forces returned home yesterday to begin preparation for the battle against a strong Illinois quintet, which last week-end dealt defeats to both Minnesota and Northwestern. The Illini, who won their Monday night game in a thrilling Hollywood finish, with Captain Bill Hapac netting a two pointer with a bare 30 seconds of play remaining, are now in possession of undisputed second place in the conference standing and are the main threat toward the Riveter's hope of gamering their eleventh conference title under the regime of Coach Ward Lambert.
Back To Work
Without pausing to recover from the Chicago rout and the return trip l^ome. Coaches Lambert and Taube ran the Riveters through one of ihe most extended drills of the season, yesterday, with particular emphasis placed on offensive tactics, in lieu of the fact that the IIlim boast one of the highest scoring combinations in the conference. With Fisher covering the pivot spot and rebounds most effectively, and with Don Blanken tossing the leather through the hoops from the most diificult angles, the Riveter offense appeared the best displayed this
season.
Not forgetting the fact that the Big Ten’s leading scorer, Bill Hapac, IS a member of Doug Mills powerful aggregation, the Riveter chieftans also relegated a good portion of the practice session on defensive drill. Hapac, who recently established a new single game scoring record of 34 points against Minnesota, is rated as one of the most outstanding men in the conference, and IS also a main cog in ^he Hlim defensive play as well as offensive. Beretta Hits Stride Following the prolonged fundamental practice, the squad rushed through a scrimmage session with Blanken, Sprowl, Igney, Fisher, Tierney, and Captain Beretta holding down the varsity posts. Captain Fred Beretta, who scored 11 points in each of his last two games, and shared high point honors with Blanken in the Chicago game, led the team throughout the practice. Stuart Heiss Signs With Yankee Chain Throwing high ones is better than flying high ones, Stuart J. Heiss, January University graduate, must have thought yesterday when he appeared at the Army recruiting office in Chicago. Heiss, 23, who was a varsity baseball pitcher ^ for two years in addition to being a candidate for appointment in the U. S. Army’s new flying cadet corp, asked to be excused from signing enlistment pa-
pers.
His reason: he had a letter notifying him of a chance to pitch this summer for a New York Yankee farm, Akron, 0., of the Mid-Atlan-tic League. Recruiting officers thought he’d better sign—^with the Yankees.
G EG FT PF
TP
Hapac, 111. a
5
34
17 11
85
Klein, North.
6
34
8 13
76
England, Wis,
6
28
15 17
71
Siegel, Iowa
6
28
10 12
66
Armstrong, Ind.
6
28
8 12
64
Rae, Mich.
6
21
19 11
61
Pink, Mich.
6
23
14 15
60
Blanken, Pur.
6
24
11 13
59
Carlson, Minn.
6
20
16 15
66
Menke, Ind.
6
24
7 14
55
Big Ten
Standings
W
L TP
OP
Purdue
5
1 279
207
Indiana
5
1 270
215
Illinois
4
2 244
215
Ohio State
3
3 213
230
Northwestern
3
3 230
207
Michigan
3
3 239
264
Iowa
3
3 224
232
Minnesota
2
4 225
270
Wisconsin
2
4 201
222
Chicago
0
^ 172
135
Phi Kappa Tau
. . . social fraternity, announces t^e pledging of John Harold Mar-
ling, Dayton, Ohio.
The flower shop you can depend upon to make you up a smart, attractive gift of flowers for Valentine's Day, at prices that will meet with your full approval. Complete selections of seasonable flowers and plants, specially selected and packed to make your gift outstanding. Member Forest Telegraph Delivery Association troths ^ioddt
LUNA THEATRE BUILDING 035 Main Street Phone 7955
8050
New ELASTl-GLASi Belts
MATCH EVERY SUIT Tha "Lineoln**—Ttaaspuuat ESaatE^ qiaas b«lt stxatchua. Alwuyu com', iortabla—ytaldu to body praatnixa. AvaUabla m ctaai tnnsMant. and enoica oi tianalucant aoadaa, #■ aack bait in attiactiva abow> oaaa paokaga | Tha ‘‘Jattanon**— Elaati'GUaa ptaaanta tha naiUct "invisabla bzaoa" —alwaya comfort' abta. Ail metal paita ehzomium pUtad. Seli-adiuat-ing chun back, and of couna, tha Raw< aat Giant Gnp clip (aatanan that hold himlyl Choifia of banalucantahadM, in tha attracUva “ahowcaaa“ package I DEW ENTER'S 416 Main St./'I
P '
iM
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, February 14, 1940
Reading For Fun
A short and sweet letter received in the box: Dear B & B Editor: It seems you are sticking me with more pins than I have use for. Some girls may think it an honor to accept more than one pin, but I hold only one pin, a Theta Tau, which I hold in highest esteem. Sincerely, Alicemae Oswalt. —B & B— ... which means, students, that Kenneth Crouch comes out the victor in this complicated pin episode. —B & B— Phi Kappa Sig flash Bud McQuillin is slated for the customary icy Wabash river bath for not passing out the cigars on losing his pin to some girl. The brothers report that
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4Hi & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Locksmith
• Hardware
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles,, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N, 5th St. Phone 2828
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
• Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 462 H
• Dine
• Jewelers
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Mein St. Sc PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
Hays jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE lEWELRY at Moderate Prices
£ihaJL, £dlt&. ByHankMiUer
... is practiced many hours a week by Purdue students, especially in the Browsing Room where they may take their own pick of numerous selected volumes on the wall shelves. Until 11 o’clock in the evening, both long-time book lovers and itinerate readers may be found engrossed in their volumes. Last year fraternities and sororities were found to be favorable toward the idea of a traveling library, which would be financed by the Union as an “extension service” to the Browsing Room. First conceived by Student Union officials, the purchase of books for this purpose was soon approved by Controller R. B. Stewart and President Elliott. To date, 80 books have been placed in the traveling library, which is divided into eight units of ten books each. Five fraternities and sororities which were the first houses to respond to a letter describing the proposed service are included in the present experimental organization. Today or tomorrow a report will go to the President calling for the purchase of 80 or more additional books. The additional service, if approved, will be given to eight or ten more houses who evidence greatest interest in the offer by contacting Browsing Room vice-president Paul Hamman. The traveling units include many of the latest books and best-sellers, including such volumes as “Gone With The Wind” and “Grapes of Wrath.” Books are purchased by the Browsing Room staff, which selects them after consulting with a few faculty members and library officials. The proposed extended service is planned to include the larger independent and cooperative houses as well as the Greek houses, but will not include the residence halls. Since the present experimental circulation of 80 volumes has drawn many favorable comments and letters from the participating houses, we believe that the benefits derived will justify approval of further extending the service.
Since today is Valentine’s Day and two days ago was Lincoln’s birthday, CBS will combine a celebration of both tonight in a true drama about Lincoln and Ann Rutledge written by Wyllis Cooper. It will be aired through WBBM at 10:00 p.m.
WLS will air the Swing Fourteen tonight at 7 p. m. on the Breezin’ Along program. They will sing a hot version of “Speaking of Heaven” while “It’s a Blue World,” “Darn That Dream,” and “Wouldst Could But Kiss Thy Hand, O Babe,” will be handled by other departments of the show.
At 6:30, WBBM brings to the air the Burns and Allen show with Frank Parker, tenor, and Ray Noble’s orchestra. Following, is A1 Pearce and his gang with Arlene Harris, Artie Auerback, and Carl Hoff’s orchestra. At 8 p. m. on the same station, the Texaco Star Theater will present Ruth Gordon in Lasislaus Fodor’s play, “A Church Mouse.”
Eighty-eight stations of CBS network will provide outlets for the
new Ripley “Believe It or Not” show, /which has it’s first airing Friday, February 16, at 10:30 p. m,
EST.
In addition to the dramatization of amazing odd i ti e s, of which Ripley has learned in his world travel, the cartoonist will bring to the microphone some of the interesting persons he has
met.
B. A. Rolfe will direct the
music and the singing department of the half hour show which will be taken care of by Linda Lee, radio and night club songstress.^ Ripley boasts he has been called a liar oftener than anyone else in the world. He is even more proud of his record of always proving
Bob Ripley
150 Attend Tea Dance Students danced yesterday afternoon from four to six o’clock at the tea dance held in the North ballroom of the Union Building. The tea dance was sponsored by the Student Union and was presented for the purpose of acquainting students with the new ballroom. Dances are to bb given regularly every other Tuesday. Music is to be furnished by recordings. There will be no admission charge.
that he was correct. He never makes a claim until it has been carefully authenticated. Ripley’s drawings now appear in 386 newspapers in the United States and are published in 18 languages in 72 countries. His mail averages three thousand letters a day.
Purdue Exponent K. E. Insley — EdItor-in-Chief W. E. Smith.. ........Business MansKer D. '6. Terrio Editorial Director G. W. Frederick .ManaEintr Editor E. M. Antonini....Senior Advertising Manager G. Schilling ..Co-ed Editor R. Jenkins Sport* Editor Phones: Editorial, 4006; Business, 603S; Sports, 2792 Publish^ daily except Monday during the academic year. Entered as second class maV ter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1108, Act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. National Advertising Representatives: National Advertising Service, Inc., 420 Madison Avenue, New York, N* Y. Member Associated Collegiate Press. ABPRBSBNTaD FOR NATIONAL ADVBRTISINO BV National Advertising Service, Inc. Colhgt PuHishtrs SefirtstHtalivt 420 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y. CHICASO - BOSTOH - Los ARaCLCa - SAN FSANCISCb All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director. Delivered by carriei*, $8 per academic year; by mail, $3.60. Business office locate at 312 N. Fifth Street; editorial office. Union Building; sports office. Field House. TTjis newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint
Are Your Clothes Ready? « for the coming after-holiday activities that are near. Better send us your evening garments for a nice cleaning, You’ll want to look your best!
132 Vine St.
American Laundry
Phone 3085
they haven’t seen the pin since Christmas. —B & B— Dear B & B: Enclosed please find joke: Frosh (to senior): How come you aren’t out pitching woo? Senior (to frosh): I can’t. My steady girl has a date! —J. E. Sheldon. —B & B— I am very sorry that we couldn’t find it, J. E., but we did find the above in the envelope ... —B & B— Saturday night at the “Rendezvous” at I. U., Ed Gratnick, sophomore pharmacy joe, walked up to a co-ed and said, “Gee, you’re beautiful! I wish co-eds like you would come to Purdue.” ' The astonished girl. Marge Guthrie by name, replied, “Why, I AM from Purdue.” She helped the boys pick him up from the floor ...
Phi Kappa Tau . . . announces the initiation of John Marling, Dayton, Ohio.
choice apples
"“ypaopTe';#,
top "
found
bottom
revenue than
TI
W
CAN MARiliED PEOPLE ''KEEP YOUNG" BY TRAILING THE YOUNGER SET? What do you think of married people who continuously horn in on young people’s parties ? Here’s the story of a husband and wife who tried to find the fountain of youth that way... and what happened to them. A short story in this week’s Post, You’re As Old As You Feel, by RICHARD SHERMAN. HOW TO CATCH A CROOK WITH ROD AND REEL, (jrunch and Desperate put to sea, in this week’s Post, on their most dangerous adventure to date. An adventure that started as an innocent big-game fishing trip and ended with guns in their ribs and the Poseidon headed for nowhere. An exciting yarn on page 12 of The Saturday Evening Post. Crunch Goes Haywire, hy PHILIP WYLIE. WHY NO "BLITZKRIEG" IN THE BALKANS? 'The countries that touched off the last war aren’t even in this one. Why? And for all their rich possessions, Stalin and Hitler have so far kept hands off. Why? Meet the Balkans’ crafty strong-arm squad—Carol, Boris, Paul,. Metaxas and Gen. Israet Inonu—and you’ll know. Don’t miss The Balkans Play It Safe, by JOHN T. WHITAKER. WALTER D. EDMONDS’ NEW CIRCUS NOVEL. The prize-winning author of Drums Along the Mohawk re-creates the romance and glamourous adventure of two young runaways with a small-time traveling circus, a hundred years ago in upstate New York. Start reading this colorful new Post novel. Second part of eight.
I NEVER KNEW THAT ABOUT
QUAKERS! a world-wide
Do you know how the Quakers can run
relief organization on an annual budget of only $90,000? How they got the Nazis’ permission to enter Germany and to help the Jews? What they did in Spain? ... An eyeopening article about an army that quietly fights for peace, not for war. Read 100,000 Quakers May Be Right, by
STANLEY HIGH.
"SHE’S A CHAMP!" "SHE’S A QUITTER!" Queer horse, “ The Lady.” She was a chestnut darling with the legs of a dancer, and each hoof left a print the size of a teacup’s rim. A born racer —who mysteriously quit every race at the half-way mark... The heart-thumping story of a horse trainer who refused to lose faith, The Lady Was A Flop, by BORDEN CHASE. THE MAN WITH 3500 VALENTINES. In a packrat’s paradise in two rooms on 42nd Street in New York City, Sy Seidman has an amazing collection of 3500 old valentines, a dozen of which appear in color in the Post this week. The unique story of a hobbyist who collects everything from fans and souvenir hankies to banks and presidential songs. See—Koses are Red. AND ... The exciting solution of Leslie Ford’s murder mystery novel; another chapter in Dime Store, the life of F. W. Woolworth, merchant prince; short stories, editorials, poems, cartoons, and Post Scripts—all in The Saturday Evening Post this week.