''-'‘S®S;%j,>
' Indiana Is Tops * In Canning Of Tomatoes/ Says Speaker Reed * “Indiana has climbed to the top of the ladder in production and canning of high quality * / tomatoes,” declared Acting Director Harry J. Reed of the agricultural experiment station, ^ yesterday. Reed spoke before the twelfth annual conference I of Indiana canners, fieldmen, and medal-winning growers at 1 o’clock in the Union faculty t lounge. Although only about 300 had registered last night, officials’ expect better than t twice that many to attend the banquet tonight. Frank C. Hockema, assistant to the President, spoke on “Factory < Efficiency,” basing his speech on the management of labor and money involved. “These Changing Times” was the topic of Dr, L. M. Sears, I history, economics, and government department, as he aroused the interest of his audience through vivid description of world conditions, ^ Depression Dinner At the “Third Depression Dinner” last night, a dinner for “rugged individualists—^reformers, etc.,” ev- ^ erybody expressed his own opinion in no uncertain manner. Canners, fieldmen, and experts expressed their ideas, giving constructive crit- ^ icism of 4H club work, U, S. Grades and picking contests. Annual “Sons of the Soil” banquet in the Union ballroom at 6:30 tonight will highlight the entire session. Awarding medals, induction of new “sons,” and the mysterious program “Meet the 4 Pilgrims of the Nile” will be the evening’s ent tertainment. Beginning at 9:30 o’clock this morning in the faculty lounge talks will be given by Dr. R, M. Caldi well, head of the agricultural botany department; Dr. G. D. Scarseth, agronomy department; Prof, Leila P. Gaddis, state home economics director; and Hassil Schenck, ^ president of the Indiana Farm Bureau. Continue At 1 O’clock I At 1 o’clock in Fowler Hall Dr. V. R. Gardner, director of the Michigan Agricultural College; Prof. H. F. Wilson, of Wisconsin; and Prof. / J. J, Davis, head of the entomology department, will address the general assembly. At 2:30 the group will adjomn / and one section will go immediately to the Union faculty lounge. Speakers before the tomato section, remaining in Fowler Hall will include 1 E.L. Montell, Joseph Campbell company; Dr. J. D. Hartman, horticultural department, and Roscoe R. Fraser, extension department. , ^ At the miscellaneous canning crop meeting in the faculty lounge, Glenn R. Smith, botany department, working with the U. S. department ^ of agriculture; Prof. E. C. Stair, horticultural department; Fred C. Geise, American Can Company; and E. R. Lancashire, Continental Can * Company, will present the afternoon speeches. ' Philatelic Group Meets Tonight To Design Stamp
»
Purdue Philatelic Society will meet tonight at 7:15 in the rooms of the Tippecanoe County Historical * Society at the corner of Seventh and Main streets. At the meeting the final draft of a poster stamp f will be drawn up to commemorate the first official “air mail” flight 80 years ago. * The flight which this stamp is to commemorate was made by balloon from the courthouse square in La- ^ fayette to Crawfordsville. The society invites all stamp colc lectors to attend this meeting and aid in the design of the stamp; Claude Wickard... * . . . Ag ’15, and AAA head of north central states, arrived yesterday « for a week’s stay to observe results of the AAA program in nearby Indiana counties. Wickard makes his i regular home and office in Washington, D. C., as a member of the Department of Agriculture.
Purdue Exponent
Z-185
WEDNESDAY
February 8,1939
Lafayette, Indiana
Vol. 50
No. 108
Templeton Plays Again Tonight In Gym
Kiwanis Guidance Juniors,
Conference Opens At Noon Saturday Kiwanis vocational guidance clubs will open their se’cond annual conference here Saturday. Committees and officers of the 76 state Kiwanis Clubs have been invited to attend this conference, designed to develop more effective guidance programs through the cooperation of Kiwanis clubs and public schools. A luncheon at 12 noon Saturday will open the conference. Professor Russell Greenly of the division of education and applied psychology will discuss guidance in his talk “Going Up By Growing Up.” G, Byerla Newton, chairman of the Kiwanis International Vocational Guidance Committee, will address the members on “kiwanis Clubs at Woi’k in Vocational Guidance.” Short reports on outstanding guidance activities will be given by Connor Salm, Madison, district governor; Roy S, Ruckman, Nappanee, lieutenant governor; and G. R. Young, Frankfort. William L. Howard of Logansport is in charge of the program . Led by members of the guidance committee, the afternoon conference period will see campus visitors divided into four groups for discussions of guidance problems. Camera Club Prints For Traveling Exhibit Are Due February 15 Camera Club officials have set Wednesday, February 15, as the deadline for turning in prints for their traveling exhibit. Initial showing of the prints will begin Saturday, February 18, in honor of President Elliott’s return to the University. Camera Club has invited anyone who has prints which he thinks are particularly good to enter them for exhibition. Those interested in entering the competition may obtain mountings from the Student Union office. Photographs accepted will be a part of an exhibit which will make a tour of 10 universities throughout the country. The following universities will show the exhibit: Pennsylvania State University, Brown University, University of Illinois, University of Rochester, Colgate University, Michigan State University, University of Minnesota, University of Nebraska, University of Kansas, and University of Texas. The University of Illinois will feature the exhibit as a part of their annual Hobby Week exhibit.
i
Hanley To Discuss 'European Situation' W. S. Hanley, chief engineer for Eli Lilly Company, Indianapolis, will speak on the “European Situation” tomorrow night at 7:30 in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Although this is a scheduled meeting of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers, officials invite the public to attend, especially student members of other engineering societies. Hanley was in England during the recent European crisis, and the ASME officers promise some interesting and unpublished information. Hanley graduated from Purdue in 1911 with a degree in mechanical engineering. Pi Kappa Phi... . . . social fraternity announces the pledging of W. H. Munndhenk, Dayton, O.; F. M. Branner, and G. H. Shoemaker, both of Chicago, 111.
Convo Artist
Sophomores, At 8 p. m. For Final Concert Graciously establishing his position as a “true genius” on the campus along with the rest of the world, Alec Templeton presented a piano concert of popular and classical music at the Convocation in Memdrial Gymnasium before freshmen and seniors last night. •
Tonight’s program, starting at 8 o’clock, will be presented for sophomores, jimiors, staff members with blue cards, and townspeople who possess buff colored season tickets. Treshmen and seniors will not be admitted unless they have obtained a single admission ticket from Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman in charge of convocations. A limited number of tickets will be placed on sale at the door priced at one dol-
lar each.
The first part of Templeton’s program was classical music from Bach, Mozart, Beethoven, Chopin, Lecuona, Ravel, and Debussy. Following the intermission his performance consisted chiefly of his own compositions and improvisation. Taking five notes chosen by the audience Templeton presented selections in six different styles. Then with four different tunes such as “Josephine,” “Stardust,” “Star Splangled Banner,” and “Alexander’s Ragtime Band,” he played various combinations of the different melodies. Presenting his own composition, “The Shortest Opera Ever Writted” and “Bach Goes to Town” he won a number of curtain calls. Although blind since birth, Templeton has always been acclaimed an accomplished pianist. When still very young he wrote “Mothers Lullaby,” a composition which he played last
night.
A number of Templeton’s selections caused him to cross his- hands, but this had little effect on the ability of the blind pianist to hit the
Alec Templeton
correct keys. Hesitation before each piece gave him his bearing and the
feel of the piano.
Tomorrow night Templeton will
play a concert in Muncie, and Friday night will present a concert at the University of Illinois. He plays an average of three concerts a week.
Special arrangemjents have been
made for Alec Templeton to play a few selected musical numbers from 12:30 to 12:45 today over WBAA, taking the place of Luncheon Dance Time. The program wiU originate in the Union music room, and the public will be admitted until the room is full. However, no admission
will be granted after 12:25.
Swing Is Ancient, Says Tenapieton In Interview
By Bob Beer “Swing? Oh, I love it.” Such was the comment of mild-mannered Alec Templeton, convocation artist, when interviewed in his hotel room yesterday. Going on to explain himself, he said, “You see, I believe in improvisation, and that is what swing really is.” He mentioned Goodman and Shaw among his favorite artists. To call swing “modem music” is incorrect, however. Actually it is hundreds of years old. Only the name is new. He Has Hobbies Hobbies? Yes, Mr. Templeton has many of them, but favorites are listening to the radio and phonograph, and studying foreign languages. He has been in America for the past three years and expects to stay many more. In fact he does not know just when he will return to England. This country is not much different from Europe, he says, but he likes the people here—especially their “marvelous enthusiasm.” Pleasant and unassuming, Alec Templeton went on to tell of his Carnegie recital in New York last Friday. As usual, he liked the audience there very much. Quite evident is the fact that the response
325 Students... ... staff men, and townspeople heard Dr. M. D. Pirnie of East Lansing, Mich., discuss the Kellog Bird Sanctuary last night in the Horticulture Building auditorium. Forestry Club sponsored the lecture, which was attended by Dean of Men M. H. Fisher and Assistant Dean of Agriculture V. C. Freeman.^ Several members of the state conservation department were also on hand for the lecture.
of his listeners means a great deal
to him.
Headquarters In Chicago From New York he returned to Chicago, his headquarters on the present tour, and thence to Purdue. He was greatly interested in the University and almost immediately on arriving went to Memorial Gymnasium to acquaint himself with the piano and strange surroundings. No account of Alec Templeton would be complete without mentioning his father, who accompanies him eversnvhere. Charming and polite like his son, the father is equally interesting to talk to. May they both return soon. Mather Will Speak At Riding Ciub Meet A. M. Mather, district supervisor for the British government in Rhodesia, South Africa, will speak on his experience with horses and horse activities before a joint meeting of the Riding Club and the Lafayette Saddle Club at 7:30 p. m. tomorrow in room C of the Union Building. Preceding the meeting will be a short Riding Club meeting in which a definite second semester program will be mapped. Plans indefinite at present will include regular Simday breakfast rides and possibly a horse show in May.
THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Possibly snow flurries today; severe cold wave tonight. Slightly colder to-
morrow.
Unorganized Men Can Secure Tickets For Fraternity Ball Unorganized men now have an opportunity to purchase tickets to the Inter-Fraternity Presidents’ Ball Friday night. The 50 remaining tickets have been distributed at Deacs, Southworths, and the Union desk where they are on sale at two dollars each. Fraternity men jnay still get tickets at their respective
houses.
Charlie Agnew with his “Music of the Hour” comes here directly from Chicago where he has been playing at the Men’y Garden Ballroom. Agnew, who plays the trumpet, xylophone, and vibraphone besides leading his 11 man band, has broadcasted many times over the lilutual and NBC networks. He is how playing nightly over the air from the Merry Garden. Agnew features two vocalists with his band, a girl and a man, while a comedy singer presents novelty numbers. The band uses “Slow But Sure” as its theme song. Importers To Show Antique Oriental Rug Collection Thursday “Engel’s Collection of Antique Oriental Rugs” will be on display tomorrow in the Memorial Union ballroom. The collection, brought here through the courtesy of Pushman Brothers, Chicago importers, consists of 120 rugs, Persian, Turkoman, Caucasian, and Turkish, all of which have seen 50 or more years service in the country in which they were woven. In the evening at 8:30 in the ballroom G. T. Pushman Jr., will give an illustrated lecture on “Ai’t Panels of the Far Orient.” Stephen H. ■ Nyman, of the American Institute of Iranian Art and i^rchaeology, will show a motion picture in technicolor, telling “How the Persians Weave a Rug.” Also on display will be the “Shelly Rug,” first Turkish rug woven in this country, and the loom on which it was woven. “I strongly urge all students to visit this very valuable exhibit, it is unique and will long be remembered,” said University Controller R. B. Stewart last night. WRH Co-eds Plan Tea Dance Saturday Residence Hall co-eds will mark St. Valentine’s Day, this coming Tuesday, February 14, with a radio tea dance Saturday afternoon from 4 to 7. The dance will be open only to girls living in the halls and their
guests.
The Valentine theme will be car lied out in the decorations and also in the buffet supper served later in the evening. Dancing will be held in both halls. Adele Bardach and Barbar Warren, hall social chairmen, will be in charge of the affair assisted by their committees. 'Independent' Calls For Frosh At Meeting Tonight Tonight at 7 o’clock the Independent will hold an open meeting in its Union office for all those freshmen, eds and co-eds, who are interested in working on the editorial, business or advei-tising staffs. The purpose of this meeting is to explain the function and service of the paper. No journalistic experience is necessary, since a training period will be started to acquaint new staff members with the fundamentals of reporting and business work.
JVUIIer Issues A Warning To All Students About Pox Epidemic Dr. Sayers J. Miller, diree* tor of the University Student Health Service, issued the following urgent warning yesterday regarding the present small pox epidemic in Indiana: “There are many cases of small>, pox thronghont the state and several in the local community. AB studehits who have never been vaccinated for small pox are emphatically urged to be vaccinated at once. “Those students who have not been vaccinated within the last five years should be revaccinated at this time.” Vaccinations Free “Students desiring to be vaccinated report to the Student Health Service in the Executive Building on Wednesday, Thursday, or Friday of this week (today, tomorrow, or Friday) at 4:15 p. m. The vaccination will be performed free of charge by a University physician. “Any student who has been in close contact with a case of small pox report to the Student Health Service immediately for examination.” Two Cases Found Dr. Miller revealed that two cases of the disease have bepn discovered among University students. VoUmar Bergdolt, a senior mechanical living at 106 Wiggins, and John P. Edgerton, senior ag living at 152 E. Stadium, are now being treated for small pox. Since 106 Wiggins is a rooming place for eight students and 152 Stadium is a private home, both of these seniors will be treated in the Stadium street residence. The other seven students at 106 Wiggins have been vaccinated and are under Health Service inspec-
tion.
Lab Group Calls For Technical Workers Bob Hewitt, manager of Laboratory Group, requests all students interested in technical positions with the sound, stage, costume designing, and art groups to report today at 4 p. m. in Fowler Hall. Principle objective of the group is to serve as a “farming out” place for prospective Playshop materiaL The plays which are presented by the Lab Group are not open to the general public, admission being by invitation only. Students and faculty members interested in drama receive these invitations. All students interested in the production of plays have a chance to work toward being a member of Playshop by joining the Laboratory Group. Living up to its name, the Lab Group conducts experiments in the lighting and so\md effects as well as seiving as a test ground for potential actors, actresses, and new plays. The play, or skit which receives the Southworth award will probably be presented by this group, Hewitt said last night. Sponsored-by Mrs. Ray M, Southworth, this award is annually made with the intention of arousing interest in the writing of short plays or skits suitable for presentation. Charm School Hears Mueller Tomorrow
“Charm in Speaking” will be the subject of a talk to be given by Mrs. Harriett Mueller, teacher of speech at West Side High School at the meeting of the WSGA-YW-CA Charm School to be held tomorrow at 4 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. Before coming to Lafayette, Mrs. Mueller lived in Hollywood for five years. During three of these years she worked in motion pictures; her picture was “Beautiful Liar.” Mrs. Mueller now spends her summers teaching dramatics at Hilltop Camp and School in Brown County. F n- several years she was a priffessional play-reader in Lafayette. Treva Berry and Catherine Cooley, WSGA and YWCA chairmen in charge of the meeting, urge all co-eds to attend.^diJt&dBtL
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
JioatuhoA.
Wednesday# February 8# 1939
MsuttMBffe Course... . . . i)ossibilities will be discussed tomorrow night at thefirst meeting of a student-faculty committee appointed by the president’s office last week to “investigate and make recommendations for a marriage course.” Plans for expanding last year’s marital lectures and ideas for a credit course will be laid on the table. This committee includes seven students from six campus activities, and five faculty members. Students are Chairman Ruth Hall, WSGA; Martha Wood, Mortar Board; Sally McKee, Exponent; Gordon Matthews, Student Union; Donald Wells, PIA; Gerald Elliott and Herbert Fishbum, Student Senate. Faculty members are Dean Mary L. Matthews, Prof. Marion Russell, Dr. Bertha Rose, Prof. 0. F. Hall, and Prof. F. R. Eastwood. Already an extensive survey has been made of so-called “Marriage Courses” offered by other colleges and universities throughout the country. This investigation was made by a committee of 16 co-eds from the Women’s Self-Governing Association, headed by Chairman Ruth Hall. That such a course is worthy and eligible for educational recognition is no longer an issue. Selection of competent instructors is vitally important for success of the proposed course, and value of individual conferences with students should not be neglected. The personality of the teacher, his ability, knowledge, and methods of subject presentation could make the course either a campus favorite or a failure. Committee members may have difficulty in finding new instructors with the required assets. Credit Or Non-Credit? Two plans for presenting material are open; a more • extensive lecture-discussion course patterned after the marital lecture series of recent years, or a regular credit course. Advantages of the latter might be stated as follows: 1. Credit would place the course on a par with other subjects. The administration would be less likely to regard it as incidental. 2. Credit places definite responsibility on administration and teacher. 3. Credit insures a better degree of teacher training and promotes student thought. 4. Students not wishing to take the course for credit could take out a listener’s card. On the other hand, the extra work required by a credit course might scare away many students who would otherwise enroll. Ordinarily, however, no student is as much interested in a non-credit course as in one carrying definite credit hours. Past attendance at marital lectures has proven that students are vitally interested because of the course’s very nature, even if non-credit. The teacher of such a course, if it is to be successful, must be the type of individual who will put just as much effort on the course whether it is credit or non-credit. In any event, the program should be frankly recognized as experimental and kept flexible. Catalogue listing might not be under any one school or division but as a special course, apart from all others. Schedule Arrangements Schedule difficulties will present an obstacle to both popularity and practicability of the course. If it is to be conducted as an ordinary class, 4 p. m. would probably be the only logical time to schedule it. As a compromise we have worked out a proposal which combines some of the good features of both credit and non-credit courses. Our plan is to have the “marriage class” meet in small divisions of 25 or 30 students, with each division meeting once a week for discussions, lectures, and informal forums. If a full time instructor were engaged to take this course, divisions could be scheduled every day at 1 p. m. and 11 a. m. or other suitable hours. Under such an arrangement any senior would be able to schedule the course without difficulty. We would suggest that B credit be given in the course, but that no grade be given. In order to be fair to conscientious attenders we would give the B credit according to the number of class periods attended by the student. In other words, a student attending all the class periods would get one hour of B credit, while a student attending only two-thirds of the classes would receive only two-thirds of an hour credit. Under this arrangement students would not have to worry about the course being an extra load or an extra prep. It should be as nearly as possible self-contained. On the other hand, giving the B credit would be a selling point for the course. It would show th4 students that they were being repaid for their interest. This would provide for a course under one instructor. To supply a broader point of view we would suggest that the marital lectures given by outside speakers be continued under
m the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in l>afayette, Indiana, nnder the act of Conicress of March 8. 1879, and at the special rate of postaKO provided for in secUon 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday durtng the reffular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 pef year, mail BUbecrfption $8.60.
Editor-In-Chief. Business Manager
H. I. Stanback .R. R. Hettsler
PUBLICATION STAPB
-li. S. Hardly
Managing Editor—. -——
City Editor D. A. Bailey Associate Editors.. G. W. Frederick, E. C. HoustqiK R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Business Manager At. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Ahtonini Circulation Manager .... W. P. Berg Sales Manager .V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager.... —H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager _. W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger
' CO-ED STAFF
Sally McKee Joy Johnson. Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
M. L. McDonald J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard
Editor-— Associate Editors
Editor. Associate Editor|.
EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088 SPORTS^OFPICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792 RKPRSSKNTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representattve AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO Boston ' Los Ahoilis - San Fnancisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AB opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student «vlnions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpMnt. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
History
Present marital lectures were started early in 1932 by a delegation headed by former Exponent editor, Earl Butz, who asked President Elliott to inaugurate a series of ten lectures. Both campus “and off-campus speakers have been included in the series for the past seven years. From 1932 to 1934 lectures were given for senior men only. In recent years first lectures were open to both senior men and women, and final lectures to men only. In 1935 WSGA sponsored a series of three marital lectures for senior women only and has arranged four lectures every spring since then, in conjunction with the men’s series. Last year on February 17 over 400 men and women attended the first lecture. Three lectures were given for both men and women, one for men only, and four for women only. Originally two lectures were scheduled for men only, but one speaker cancelled an engagement because of illness. Lectures were given about once a week for two months at 4 p. m. in the Recitation Building lecture room. On December 9, 1938, 50 students and faculty members at a Tau Kappa Alpha forum in the Union faculty lounge decided a course in marriage relationships should be offered by the University. This group favored an optional non-credit course, preferably for seniors, but could not agree on whether or not sex education should be included.—D. G. T.
Small Pox..
... on its tour of disease through the state of Indiana has caught up with two Purdue senior students. Yesterday Dr. Miller, of the Student Health Service issued a warning (printed on page one) concerning vaccination as a precaution to safeguard the health of other students. Every person concerned owes it to himself and his fellow students to heed this warning. It applies to all those who have not been vaccinated within the last five years. In order to offer the protective vaccination Health Service doctors have volunteered their time after regular hours—students must cooperate as wholeheartedly to check the spreading of this disease.
Night Editor—Terrio Issue Editor—^DeHoog Wednesday, February 8, 1939
the present plan. These marital lectures, held at 4 o’clock for the entire group taking the course, would provide an opportunity to give the students expert advice in several particular, limited aspects of marriage, while the general background would be supplied by the regular course. Marital lectures have been open to seniors only, and this policy would keep a flood of “curious” underclassmen out of the course. In case of upperclassmen in their last year, contemplating marriage, older than their classmates, or in other peculiar circumstances, special permission might be granted to take the course. In order to discuss most frankly the emotional and sexual implications of marriage, occasional separate classes should be arranged for men and women, with a male instructor for the men and a woman for the co-eds. On many aspects of marriage the group could be mixed.
MaiiI
-TODAY-
DOUBLE FEATURE BOBBY BREEN — in — “Fisherman's Wharf" — Plus — "THE LONG SHOT" with Gordon Jones—Marsha Hunt
STARTS TOMORROW TWO FEATURES Should a Lawyer Defend a Guilty Man? "I STAND ACCUSED" — with — Robert Cummings Helen Mack—Lyle Talbot — PLUS — Romance and Adventure in the Town Where Anything Can HappenI "BIG TOWN GIRL" — with — Claire Trevor—Donald Woods
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lickty
. Homin’ chutrts—We staft the day —as usual—with a fish—Burns for a high school gal—Flap, flap. PARKER WYNN blazed forth with GILLILAN’S Belt pin Saturday night and she had a date with ROSS DREVER for the picnic and the Chi O state dance. Anyhow the worm turned and ROSS broke his dates with her. Now he’s taking WEST to the picnic. Just what does LIBBY FUNCETT Pi Phi pledge and Miami transfer think about her secret admirer, a Mr. J. D. H. ? He calls her up every night and says “Hello stranger— “She says “Ditto,” but that is all the farther it has gone—Quite often sight unseen is a swell bargain—? Here’s something—we have a future movie star in our midst—No names — test scheduled for next summer in Hollywood—Look aboRt, girls. It seems that this column has been giving a young athlete by the the name of MACKIEWICZ a lot of unfavorable publicity concerning his fraternity badge. First he was written up for putting out his pin, then for getting it back again, and finally he was accused of putting it out a second time. This last bit of publicity was a lot of pure ballyhoo. The pin is nestled firmly on his manly chest thank you. So maybe he deserves an apology and a little peace and quiet from the all-seeing public eye. Think so? Last Minute Advice—Every college boy should have a good head on his shoulders and that doesn’t mean a different one every night! The Chi O’s must be hard up for pledges. To accommodate the new young things is the only reason we can see for their making an additon of one of those collapsible baby cabs to their furniture ... we hope this is the ONLY reason. Dr. C. F. Harding... . . . head of the electrical engineering school will discuss “The Present Technical and Economic Problems of Television” at the 59th annual meeting of all Indiana engineers. This meeting will be held Saturday, under the auspices of the Indiana Engineering Council, at the Hotel Severin in Indianapolis.
“Now mind—when you make out the hospital’s income tax return, the 63 babies we have on hand are NOT deductible!”
^J4im and
By Georgaim Schilling
We saw several campus couples at Indianapolis Sunday night dancing to Henry Busse’s music. Hope they liked Mr. Hot Lips as much as we did. And speaking of bands, our own Harry McCrady and his group of musicians are gettin’ to be quite the boys. They are very popular in Fort Wayne, and played for a Ball State fraternity dance at the Delaware Hotel in Muncie last Saturday night. Harry and the boys are right in there, going up, watch them. —H-H— This is the week-end for the annual Delt house party at Turkey Run State Park. This affair is really somethin’. The idea for a week end party was started by this fraternity two years ago, and last year was tried out by several other of the Greek groups. “A nice time was had by all” seems to be the answer to the experiment, so again this year the Delts and their dates are off to Turkey Run.
And most of the engineers we know have decided to take up land after they graduate . . . not much land, just a shovelful at a time. —H-H— Then there’s the fine story of the freshman who didn’t know the answer to an examination question, and so scrawled off a 150-word yarn instead. At the conclusion of the story he wrote, “I don’t know if you’ll like this or not, but I think it ought to be worth some credit, don’t you? God bless you if you do, and God bless me if you don’t.”
Dr. T. 8. Rice
. . . Prof, of bacteriology and public health at Indiana University’s Indianapolis Medical School, will speak on “Looking Toward Marriage” Sunday, February 12, at 8 p^ m. in the ballroom of the Memorial Union. This meeting, sponsored by the Purdue Religious Council, will be open to all students interested.
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
with FLORENCE RICE ... iMERriEl • ANN RUTHERFORD MARY HOWARD and ALAN MARSHAL KonH Tflvr OF Hiiridv EPStN. Jessie RfllPH
LAST DAY— ^ 10«S FOR THE SHEER I thbili OF lowHG
TOMORROW-FRIDAY
rTHEHEARTOFAll^ .t1 SOUL OF A RAffi
LUtiA — LAST DAY—
ROBERT
ROSAUND
DONAT • ROSSELL “mECITADEL’' Great M-S-M Owwna
— ALSO —
JUDY GARLAND FREDDIE BARTHOLOMEW "LISTEN^ DARLING"
STARTS TOMORROW CHARLES STARRETT "WEST OF SANTE FE" — and — HENRY ARMETTA "ROAD DEMON"
ARC
TODAY-WEDNESDAY
ALSO 'Spider's Web," Serial
THURSDAY-FRIDAY SATURDAY "STATE POLICE" 'GUN LORDS OF STIRRUP BASIN' "LONF RANGER"Wedii^Bdayi Pebruoiry 8i 1939
THE FUBDUE
E3CPC»1ENT
» •• j
Varsity Trackmen Meet Butler U. Tonight Boxers Enter Golden Gloves Tonight Bodeau,HoldermanMatch
~ Strides With Bulldog Star
Bachsrach, Lyles, Dllts Leed Boilernieker intramural Schedule BHUard Matches
Purdue’s boxing artists pack up their ring duds tonight and move across the river to participate in the (Sold and Black pugilist’s paramount fisticuff activity of the present boxing season, the American Legion Golden Gloves. Held at the Lafayette Armory, the fights, approximately thirty-five in number, will begin at 7:45 p. m. in -.1 ,
pounds, is a veteran of the Lafayette tourney. John Therlfall, a Connecticut lad, will wear the Purdue gloves in the 118 pound class. In the 126 and 135 pound classes, Coach Maxwell has somewhat of a problem, as Pyle and Mulholland have been flucatuating in their weights between the mentiolied classes, Defi-
Punchy Maxwell’s Purduvians, ten Strong, were exempt from participating in the first two nights of the tournament because of final examination activity, but tonight the entire Gold and Black tehm will see
action.
Entrants The lightest member of the Purdue team, Avery Fultz, at 112
^esf Side Office 132 Vine St. Phone 7278
WILL APPEAR At Your Best in American-C leaned Garments, Use Our Service Often!
Phone Call 3085 American!
*Rttf
Their famous quality’s the same; their famous features are un« < changed... the only difference is the price. Your semi-annual opportunity to save on your footwear needs for now and Spring. Llttiited time only... so come right downi Freeman Shoes $4.45 and $5.95 SPECIAL Gray and Brown Buck Oxfords— Crepe and Leather Soles, $2.95 this is the last week of the sale. X-RAY FITTING
*8^
A. B. C*
New Location 406 Main
Phone 2001
TodayCourt 1—-Swing, Juillard. 7:00—Short Course. 7:16—Short Coure. 8:26—Short Course. 8:40—Short Course. Court 2—Goldstein. 7 :00—Short Course. 7:16—Short Course. 8:26—^Theta Chi vs. Kappa Sigma. Court 3—George Gale. 7 :P0—Short Course. 7:16—Short Course. 8:26—Cary Hall 7 vs. Ward lOX. 8:40—Ward llA vs. Ward 12X or 4.
hitely in the 135 pound class is Marison. In the 147 pound class. Maxwell has Paul Keffaber, a vet from last year, and Bradley, Three Good 160’s Fighting in the 160 pound class for Purdue will be Allen Dilts, last year’s 176 pound champion, who has trained down to the middleweight troupe, and Steve Bacharach, the Lafayette middleweight champion for the past three years. Another Purdue student, Jbe Benna, although not on the Purdue team, is also entered in the 160 pound class, Joe is the defending champion of the Chicago Tribune Golden Gloves title, having won the 160 pound championship last year at the Tournament of Champions at the Chicago Stadium, From all indications, it appears that the middleweight king of the 1939 Tournament of Champions “should” come from the Lafayette tournament, Lawrence Lyles, the defending Lafayette champion, and Kenneth Lord are the Purdue light heavyweights.
Pi‘ogress In Play For Kizer Trophy In two of the tournaments now going on in the billiard room, all eliminations have been made and only the round robin contest in each remains to determine the champions. Straight Rail Novice contest leaders are R, Kirkpatrick, J, C. Smalley, ’ and D, E, Boynton, each of whom have won one game and lost none, J, W, Clark, R, D, Spitzer, and J, D ,Smith have each lost one game and F, W, Taylor has not yet played his first game, E, M, Golonka leads with three victories and no defeats, D, J, Forbes, P, H, Weisman, and C, G, Paddock have each won one and lost two, and R, E, Vanderbilt has not yet played^ in the 14,1 Pocket Billiards competition. Straight Rail In the Straight Rail Open tournament one elimination game remains to be played, between D, J. Forbes and J, P, Hope, F, W, Taylor and M, H, Ingleman have already qualified for the round robin which will be only three-handed. Entries for the Intercollegiate Three Cushions tournament close February 16 and for the 14.1 Pocket Billiards on March 2.
Boilermaker track men face their initial test of the season in an indoor meet in the Fieldhouse tonight at 7:30 against a Butler team. The Bulldogs have held their own against Purdue in recent years, winning one, losing one, and tying a meet, 43-43, in the last of the three meetings of the two teams on the indoor oval. Phillips, present track coach, was guiding the fortunes of the Butler outfit in these previous meets.
One of the outstanding events of the evening should be the mile run in which Art Bodeau, captain of the Boilermakers, and Ed Holderman,
WAA News
—ANNOUNCIKG—— THE OPENING OF NEW RESiOENTIAL OFFICE 460 NORTHWESTERN AVENUE, W. L 11 A. M. TO 12;30 DAILY ...7 P. M. TO 8 WEDNESDAY Office Hours at 317 Lafayette Life Bldg., 1 P. M. to 4 Daily, Except Thursday and Sunday. 7 P. M. to 8 Saturday, Sunday and Other Evenings by Appointtnent > C. H. ROMMEL, Physician and Surgeon
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SlDi: OF SQUARE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
Beginning Friday night at .7:30 o’clock, the Purdue Sportswomen will sponsor mixed recreation in the Women’s Gym. All co-eds and their dates may enjoy an evening of volley ball, badminton, deck tennis, ping pong, or shuffle board. If this attempt at mixed recreation is successful, swimming will also be offered on the following recreation programs. WAA riflery is scheduled this week with Pedalion, Chi Omega, and Kappa Alpha Theta shooting on Thursday evening. The badminton tournament is getting under way and all games are to be played off as soon as possible. Dorothy Shilling is directing the tournament. Applications to ,be filled out by girls who are interested in being on the WAA Council will be passed out at the meeting. Approaching elections and qualifications for voting will also be discussed. Netmen To Play For WAA Mass Meeting At a WAA mass meeting to be held tomorrow afternoon at 4:15 p. m. in the Women’s Gym, Coach “Dutch” Fehring will direct a basketball demonstration to be given by freshmen players. It is especially important for those who are interested in coming out for basketball to he present; however, all WAA members are urged to attend.
A DE LUXE HUDSON PRiaO DOWN WITH OE LUXE MODELS OF THE "OTHER THREE" and up, delivered ia Detroit^ equipped to drive; incIudinK Federal taxes, not including state and local taxes, if any. Low time payment term^ with new HudsonCI.T. Plan. Prices subject to change without notice.
YOU’RE SAFER IN A
HUDSON 112 • HUDSON SIX • HUDSON COUNTRY CLUB SIX AND EIGHT FEASTER MOTOR CO.
$19 MAIN STREET
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA
outstanding sophomore candidate, will be pitted against Southworth, who ran a 4:12.8 mile to beat Rice of Notre Dame in the state meet last year. Southworth also beat Bodeau in cross country last fall. Others Other stars for the Indianapolis team who will give the Boilermakers a real workout include Marshall, a hurdler who eliminated Bob Lemen in the Illinois Relays last year, and Hiatt, a pole valuter, who took that event in the Little State meet last season. The Boilermakers, howeve^, are strong in the hurdles, as Steve Gutting showed real class in the Millrose Games. Besides Bodeau and Gutting, Phillips will have several veterans to rely upon. Wadleigh, dashman and broad jumper; Knapp and GaUlke, distance men; Luther, Simmons, and Shackleton, in the quarter; and Vergane in the shot put. New Men Track fans will be interested in the first appearance for the Gold and Black of several promising sophomores. Leading the second year men will be Ed Holderman, who has already made a name for himself and is ex^eced to become one of the best men to represent the school in distance events. Other potential stars who will be making their first starts tonight are Tycocki, Reeves, White, Hibbs, Edwards, Menke, Weber, Winchell, Neff, and Wente. Although not a sophomore, Witt, who has been high jumping for the team, will make his debut as a hurdler in this meet, and should strengthen the Boilermakers in that event. The schedule of events: 7:30—Pole Vault, High Jump, Shot Put. 7:45—:One Mile Run. 7:56—60 Yard Dash. 8:05—440 Yard Run. 8:15—-High Hui’dles and. Broad Jump. 8:25—Two Mile Run. 8:40—880 Yard Run. 8:50—Low Hurdles. 9:00—One Mile Relay.
WBAA
On The Air—
'The Voice of Purdue"
11:00—Prof. Robert Phillips, American Institutions. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12 :00—Farm Facts for Farm Folks. 12:16~Sports Review, Dick Shively. 12:30—^Alec Templeton. 12:46—Wanita Wilson, soprano. 1:00~Meditations, Rev. Doyle Mullen. 1:16—Monitor Views the News. 1:30—Melody Time. 1:46—Market Reports. 2 :00—Afternoon Music. 2:16—Bunny Walkup, guitar. 2:30—Home Decorator, o =^®~Hyinn Echoes, Mrs. Irvin Jackson, o :00—Concert Review. 4:00—Campus Interviews. 4:15—Dick Curtner, pianist. 4:30—Purdue Round Table. 4:46—Story Book Hour.
ClassUMed 'Ads
msCEELLAMBOUS
AH itRRduNI
ROOMS FOR RENT
. fOR BENT--DoHbIe flpont iroom. Single beds. Men students. 187 Waldron Sti, SINGUS ROOM with boardL 428 N» Grant Across from shops. Mrs. Kepaer.
' I
■AmCoUeffiate-
from
Coast-To-Coast By Joy Johnson SLIDE RULE SHEIKS . . . ... of Ohio State prefer brunettes! That is not especially surprising, there are lots of engineers who pre-" fer brun'ettes. But, supposedly, engineers are gentlemen, and this is the first step in undermining the old fallacy about gentlemen prefering blondes. It isn’t just any brunette that the engineers prefer though. They want their dark-haired beauties to have brown eyes, to weigh from 110 to 115 pounds, and to measure 5 feet 4 inches tall. —C— STRIKE ONE! . . . . . . and the students of professor Peobody’s economics of labor class are practically out. They formed a union to put classroom discussion ipto practice. But the plan seems to have backfired on the innocent proposal of the poor prof. We can hear the “capitalistic” faculty refusing the demands of the “laboring” students when they presented the five point strike j platform. The students demanded optional exams (why not abolish them altogether ?) no classes after dance weekends, lecturers from outside the campus, abolition of taking roll in class, and returning of all test papei’s within a week after the tests. Negotiations have been proceeding slowly with the professor as mediator, not too slowly though for the students, who seem a little anxious to begin those other strike practices, picketing, boycotting, especially the boycotting. —C— H. P. H. . . . ... is the latest contribution to this alphabetized countiy, but it has nothing at all to do with the New Deal. H. P. H. stands for “harumps per hour,” and is a new method that the Akron University students devised for rating their professors. The Akron prof that received the leather medal under this rating has rolled up a total of 107 h. p. h. and 16 sniffs in a one-hour lecture. For that matter we could devise some ratings ourselves such as y. p. h. (yawns per hour) for the students. —C— WHAT DIFFERENCE.. . . . . this makes we don’t know, but we can’t overlook items like this for fear we may be hindering the progress of the world. Ambitious students all over the world are busy doing things and the latest accomplishment is made by a student of the University of Texas, who figured out all by his little self that the Longhorn students, all 10,103 of them, used 20,000 pencils to write approximately 13,000,000 words a day during the 10-day midterm examination pei’iod. They studied 130,000 books for 200.000 hours in preparation for 45.000 examinations. So what? Students View Navy Films; Nine Have Passed Exams For Navy Flight Training “Navy Wings of Gold,” and “Sky Fleets of the Navy,” were the titles of two films shown yesterday to a capacity audience of students by the courtesy of naval training authorities. The movies were shown in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. These films were shown under the direction of Dr. C. G. Keigwin and , Cadet Luchtman, ME '34, who is | now stationed at Glenview, 111. 0th-1 er naval officers attending the film showing were Lieutenant Commander Maccomsey, in charge of th^ Glenview station, and Lieutenant Sliney. Approximately 20 students have applied for the flight training offered at Pensacola and Glenview naval air training bases. Nine men have already passed tke physical examination and have been accepted for training. The examinations for applicants will be resumed today. Men who are accepted for the course will'train at Glenview, Pensacola, and will receive three years’ training with the fleet. According to Lieutenant Sliney, more Purdue men take the course than from any other school in his district. In the past. University representatives have been near the top of their classes in technical and ground work.
iXaceiL (Ua, Colonel... . . . S. R. H. “Tommy” Tompkins, formerly of Lafayette, died Sunday evening at Fort Sam Houston in San Antonio, Tex., at the age of 76. Colonel Tompkins was made an honorary member of the University chapter of Scabbard and Blade during the two years when he made his home here with his son-in-law Capt. Singer, formerly of the University
military staff.
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, February 8,1939
\
call for them in the old chestunt room from 4 to 6 :30 p. m. —MASON.
SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
Notices
Military Juniors: Battery athletic officers report to Captain Beckley in the Armory at 4 p m Thursday, February 9, to direct elimination bouts of military boxing tournament. —BECKLEY.
Pi Tau Sigma: Meeting Wednesday at 7 p m , Febiuary 8, in room C of the Union. Shingles will be distributed after business session Full attendance is desired. —HARVEY.
Military Freshman: Entries for the military boxing tournament in all weights will report to the Armory at 4 p. m. on Thursday, February 9, for elimination bouts. —BECKLEY.
Lutheran Student Association: Meeting in Union Wednesday, February 8, at 4:15 p. m. —GRANNON GE 117: Students biing $125 to class Wednesday, February 8, for text materials. Order to be sent immediately. Each student is required to have these materials. —WALTERS
Silver Mask: There will be a meeting Wednesday, February 8, at 7:30 in room C of the Union Building. —LEVIN.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting at 7:16 p m. in the WSGA office Thursday, February 9. —BEAMING.
Scabbard and Blade: Important meeting in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union at 8 p. m. Thursday, February 9. —ZIMMER.
Co-ed Debate: Meeting at 7 p m. Wednesday, February 8, in room 301 of University Hall —WINCH Student Book Exchange Customers: Exchange closes Wednesday, Febiuary 8. All students who have books or refunds please
Scrivener: Meeting Thursday, February 9, at 7 :30 p. m. at 126 W. Lutz Ave. Election of secretary. Bring manuscripts. —JUSTIN.
Undergraduate Dames: There will be a business meeting at 7:30 p m. Tuesday,
How’re Your FORMAL CLOTHES? Maybe—Yours are borrowed, worn and shabby, out of dale, or don't fit. You can own a new outfit very reasonable if purchased at GEISLER’S Double and single breasted Tuxedo $17.5O-$25.0O Full Dress—$30.00
Dress Shirts, $2.00 up—^Topper Dress Ties, $1.00 Stud Sets, $1.00 to $3.50 500 MAIN ST. — CLOTHES SHOP INC.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Professional
^LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all w« do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Perry St.
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.D.S. HAROLD J. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S. Schultz BuHdlng 4h and Mam Phona 5701
• Hardware
• Florists
Student Lamps While Tthey Last'—67c Floor and Dance Wax We Carry a Full Stock EDGERTON HARDWARE Phone 4354 We Deliver
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualify Flowers Main at 7 th Phone 6050
February 7, in room F of the Union. All members are urged to be present. —BEUOY.
WAA Badminton: Badminton tournfhient posted on bulletin board in women’s gym. All entries please get im touch with opponents and play off games as soon as possible. (2-11) —WALGER. WAA RiOery: There will be riflery Thuisd^iy February 9, with the following shooting: 6:16 P^alion; 7:00. Chi Omega; 7:46 Kappa Alpha Theta : 8:30 make up. Riflery will continue on same schedule next week. There will be plenty of time for make up. —SMITH. Green Potter Committee: Meeting in Union leception room Wednesday, Februaiy 8, at 7:30 p. m. —DeGARMO. Ffraternity Presidents: Please have crests sent to the Union Office by Wednesday, Februaiy 8. —DEMARS
PA Systems: Bids are being considered for systems to be used at PI A tea dances. See me at PIA office after 4:80 for conditions. No bids accepted after Thursday, February 9, 6:30 p. m, —FOWLER, English Department Students: Make-up examination in English will belgiven in room 101 of the Education Building on March 18 at 1 o’clock. —CREEK.
reception room. Newly elected freshmen senators are to attend. —ELLIOTT. Gimlet: Important meeting Wednesday, February 8, at 7:30 p. m. in the Union Building. —SWAN.
Women’s Gym. Compulsory attendance. -FISHLEIGH.
Tau Beta Pi: Business meeting Wednesday, February 8, at 7:80 p. m. in the Union Building. —SMITH.
English Department Students: Department of English is to have tutoring classes for those students who received C’s because of theme writing. Students with such conditions will please report to room 109 University Hall on Friday, February 10, at 6 p. m. to arrange schedule. —SCHMIDT, LOWE.
WAA Ping Pong Tournament: Will be continued now that finals are over. The first round must be finished by Wednesday, February 8. The schedule is posted inside the gym. —SCHILLING.
WAA Members: Mass meeting Thursday, February 9, at 4 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. Basketball demonstration by "Dutch” Fehring. All WAA members are urged to attend. —REIMANN.
ASCE: All members interested in attending the annual meeting of the Indiana Engineering Council at Indianapolis Saturday, February 11, please contact me at once. Transporation will be provided, and we will return in time for the basketball game that evening. —AHRENS. .
Purdue Engineer Business Staff: Meeting postponed until Wednesday, February 8, at 4 p. m. in the office. Call me if you cannot come. —BEHRENDS.
Debris Photo Staff: Meeting Tuesday, February 7, at 4 p. m. in room B of the Union. Important. ■ —DYER, WRAY.
PEW 59: Rehearsal for demonstration Thursday, February 9, at 7 p. m. in the
WAA Fencing: Fencing is scheduled for every Monday and Friday afternoons. (2-8) —FRASER. Freshman Track: All tresnman track men report immediately to me for assignments. (2-8) ■* —WILKENING. PE Students: All PE students taking Education 18 should see the secretary in room 110 in the Fieldhouse and leave with her their free hours for student teaching. (2-8) -EASTWOOD. WAA Volley Ball: Teams were chosen Friday, February 8. Members of the teams are as follows: Freshman, Martha Kennedy, Lucy Judge, Carolyn Smith, Joan Modisett, Katherine Ade, Mary Smith, Bonnie Cox, Frances Jones, Dorothy Housekeeper, Esther Kirkhoff, Eleanor Harrison. Sophomores, Betty Smith, Katherine Himes, Dorothy Holden, Janet Greger, Eileen Westover, Lois Heiser, Marie Butz, Ruth Swift, June Spry, Jane Stickler. Juniors, Jane Herschman, Leora Mermelstein, Marietta Johnson, Betty Spears, Janet McDougall, Margorie Hoover, Martha Schroder, Mary Clymer. Seniors, Mary Helen Miller, Flora Holt, Martha Whitehead, Pauline Swick, Doris Peterson, Amy Perry, Janet Shaffer, Ruth Wiley, Katherine Merritt, Virginia Blank, Elizabeth Maier. —SWICK.
Society of Automotive Engineers: Meeting Friday, February 10, in room 3, Mechanical Building, at 4 p. m. Election of officers. —LUTHER.
PIA Members: All interested in working on tea dance committee meet at PIA office at 4:16 p. m. Wednesday, February 8. —FOWLER. Student Senate: Meeting will be held Thursday, February 9, at 7 :30 p. m. in the
CRESTED SILVERWARE
DECORATED DINNER WARE
COOKING UTENSILS
BUY THEM AT
Gl LLESPI E'S
221 COLUMBIA ST.
PHONE 6405
[From IVhere I am^ Things Look Different
old man used to have a saying *lt’s a mighty thin piece of paper that doesn’t have two sides.* The longer 1 live the more I see there is always something to be said on both sides in any situation. Just the other day, I heard a fellow criticising my company. He said a lot of things about ^soulless corporation* and Vested interest.’ Talk like that always makes me wonder why people don’t think a little deeper. **So far as I know, I never saw 'The Company.* The only Company there is is me, and the jFellows that work with me, and the gkls in the office, and the managers and the officers. We’re the company. **Heck, I’m not ’soulless.’ I’ve got a wife and kids, and I work for a living to support them, just like everybody. I try to do my job as good as I can, and so do the other people that work for the company. ’’When somebody jumps on the company, it really means that they’re picking on the way somebody did his work, somebody who probably meant well, but slipped up some place, like all us humans. Looking at things from my side of the fence, our company is just a group of people doing their share on a big job. But when any one of them makes a mistake, the ’company’ gets Uie Name, when ^ the time the cus£j2ffl@r jggs mad at some h^an bemg, like Itself.^ f