-w 1g
■"J.
' 1 V ^
®he PurOue 'Exponent
Published Bsily by Students of'FufjSue Univeraity
VOLUME XLVni
L4PAYElyrE INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 17,1937
NUMBER 97 BBMBaoeeaoai
Women’s Pan.
Picks Garrett ToPlayAtBaU
Rhythm Swingsters To Syncopate HeYe Feb. 26
Jimmy Garrett’s rhythmic swingsters, now featured at the Casino Parisienne of the Hotel Morrison in Chicago, will play for the Women’s Pan-Hellenic Ball February 26, in the Memorial Union ballroom, according to an announcement made last night by Mary Jean Light, chairman of the committee. Tickets fdr the ball, priced at $2, are available to all organized women on the campus, both pledges and actives. They afe being sold at the sorority houses. Women who are members of sororities not repre sented on this campus may also purchase tickets, Miss Light explained Garrett Plays Piano Garrett makes all the arrange' ments for the band which he organized while a student at Royal Military Academy, Kingston, Ont. Gar rett, himself, plays the piano. Other members of the committee in charge of the ball are Virginia Richards and Mary George.
Agriculturist To Hear Two Speakers
T. R. Johnston and Glen Sample will be guest speakers at a meeting of the entire staff of the Agriculturist, Thursday at 7:30 o’clock in room B of the Memorial Union Building. Parkison, editor, requests that all freshmen and sophomore workers attend the business meeting at 7 o’clock* which is to be held before the general staff meeting.
February 17,1937 “YOU Can’t Park Here” signs on the Catholic University of America campus are going to be obeyed or else. The chief of the campus police has listed the following pen alties: First offense ... Air will be let out of one tiire; Second offense ... Air will be let but of two tires; Third offense ... air will be let out of all tires . . .
IT seems that three years ago, these same policemen got the idea of chaining and locking the wheels of all illegally parked cars. The system worked fine until a faculty member parked carelessly....
FRATERNITY men at Chicago are going “gigolo” in ordei^ to furnish material for the newly established Escort Bureau. To qualify as “co-ed thrillers” the men must: Be physically presentable; have personality and an easy inanner; be a gentleman; possess knowledge of at least one social activity, be it opera, bridge, conversation, or ord ering from a menu; be a good dancer and be well known on the
campus
STATISTICS compiled by the above bureau indicate that co-eds hire more tall brunettes than any other type. The system works like this: Upon being selected to conform with the co-ed’s specifications, the young man meets her at a designated spot and is free to use his own name or a fictitious one. From then on he is responsible for the success of the evening...
SOME years ago Notre Dame quarterbacks used to whip their Irish elevens into formation by yelling their signals in Italian or Polish. Now football teams use the old-fashioned English numbers . but Tom Conley, coach at John Carroll University, has a new system whereby the names of foods especially pastries . . . are substituted. Signals are no longer complicated because the quarterback yells, “Banana cream!” or “pineapple pie” and the men hop into their various formations.
'Both Your Houses^ Author Former School Teacher
By Mary Ann Kelsay
Who could guess that Maxwell Anderson, that dynamic twentieth century playwright was only a minister’s son? The Anderson household moved west from Pennsylvania by leaps and bounds until Anderson awoke one morning on the threshold of the University of North Dakota. He completed his education at Leland Stanford. After a hectic round of school teaching, Anderson gave up in despair and became a newspaper man. After a number of successful attempts at poetry and magazine writing, he decided upon a definite literary career. “What Price Glory” was his first great success as a playwright. It was one of the earliest reahotip dramatizations of the World War. There followed in rapid succession, one great play after another. The variance of Anderson’s subject matter denotes a rich background of experiences. “Both Your Houses” is the dramatization of the activities behind the scenes of Congress, and shows Anderson’s evident knowledge of the intimate affairs within the two houses. The play will be given Thursday and Friday nighty at 8 o’clock in the auditorium of Duncan Hall.
Cast Changed In New Play
Last minute preparations for “Both Your Houses,” a recent Maxwell Anderson production to be reproduced by Playshop Thursday and Friday at 8 o’clock in Duncan Hall, include a drastic change in the cast. One of the principal roles, tl^t of Levering, a crooked politician, up to his knees, in Congressional mud, will be taken'^by Jack Allen, rather than G. DeVore, as was previously announced. Allen is of undisputed Playshop fame, having carried many leading roles in former productions including “Streets of New York” and “Broken Dishes.”
Reservations for both evenings can still be obtained at the Playshop ticket booth in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building. However, tickets may be available at the door.
Ex-Grid Star Dies
In Omaha; Funeral
Here Thursday
Elmer F. Kirk, center on the varsity football team at Purdue University in 1907, died Monday at his home in Omaha, Nebraska, at the age of 60. Born in Ohio, Kirk entered the University at the age of 29, and was graduated in mechanical engineering in 1910. He had been employed in the government engineering service ever since. The body will be brought here to the home of his sister-in-law. Miss Elizabeth Hencke, 1014 South Eleventh street. The funeral has been tentatively set for Thursday afternoon at 2 o’clock, with a 2:30 service at St. James Lutheran church, burial to be in Spring Vale.
Zufall Talks On Patent Medicine
Prof. C. J. Zufall, of the school of pharmacy, spoke last night in room B of the Memorial Union Building before a small audience on the subject ’’The Truth About Patent Medicine.” He praised the Pure Foods and Drug Act and pointed out the good that it has done in curbing the use of poisons and drugs in every-day commodities.
EXPONENT STAFFS
There will be a meeting of all staffs of the Expmient in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building Thursday, February 18, at 4 p. m. All members are expected to be present. —MORRIS.
—. ANDTHEV l_MJ€HEO AS-VHEV PRANCED ONTO THE'STAGE = BUT AFTER HOOFING AWHW-E ' THE ' AUDIENCEWBECAME-A BIT
Idea for cartoon submitted by Pritzi Walkey
Debris Editor Says Each Pony Chorus Girl Deserves Full Page Photograph
Told by Wes Dwight
Y’know, I just happened to wander in on ar rehearsal of the pony chorus the other afternoon, and I want to go on record as saying it’s a shame we can’t devote a whole page of the Debris to every single member of that shapely outfit. If the truth were allowed to leak out, the babies we’re gonna select the beauty queens from have got nothing on them. In fact, if I could only find time, I’d shave, start in on the right end, date my way right straight across to the left end, shave, and start all over again—^provided, of course, that these high-powered ponies are not prejudiced against 80 (how many, Wes?) horse-powered Auburns. Trouble
I’ve been having trouble—^when I could pry ’em away from rehearsals—^keeping the Debris junior editors from starting a movement to dedicate the annual to that lovely herd of high-spirited fillies. So 1 guess it’s just like VanNatta says, I ought to be glad I went to Purdue instead of Vassar. Anyway, I’m gonna be shaved and on the front row that night, even if I’m not bald, yet.
Hartman Joins Research Staff
Dr. John D. Hartman, prominent horiticulturist, has recently accepted a position with the horticultural research staff of this university, after having spent two and one-half years on th^/staff of the Long Island Vegetable Research Farm, which is owned and operated by Cornell University. He will develop certain lines of vegetable research here in assuming the duties formerly handled by Dr. John MacGillivroy, who left the University November 1 to take over a similar position at the California Experiment Farm, Davis, California. Dr. Hartman, who was born near Norristown, Pennsylvania, graduated from Pennsylvania State College in 1930, and later obtained a doctor’s degree from Cornell, after which he joined the staff of that school.
LaVarre WiU Talk At Convo
Jungle Explorer To Be Here Next Tuesday
William La Varre, South American jungle explorer, will speak at the sixth convocation of the year next Tuesday at 8 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall.
Although La'Varre is best known for his exploits as an explorer, having made eight trips to South America, he also has had experience as a corporation consultant and as a journalist. In the latter field he published the Columbia (S. C.) Record, the Spartanburg (S.C.) Herald, and the Augusta (Ga.) Chronicle. La Varre says that the only requirement necessary to be an explorer is that one must just go because he wishes to see what he can see.
To Repeat Paper Film Again Today
A three-reel motion picture on the subject “The Manufacture Of Paper” was shown yesterday and will be shown again today in room 101 of the Michael Golden Shops at 4 p. m. The picture begins with rags as the raw product and shows the various washing, boiling and cleansing processes which transform them into paper. The picture takes about forty-five minutes to present. Approximately 50 persons viewed yesterday’s showing, and, according to the machine operator, they were very well pleased with the picture. All who are interested are invited to attend today's showing.
Wesley Foundation To Have Old Timer’s Party
The men’s class of the Wesley Foundation will hold its annual Men’s Bid Party this coming Friday evening. The affair will be held at the Foundation House on State street and will be in the form of an Old Timer’s Party.
Short Course Students Invading Campus For Agricultural Training
By E. H. Kellogg
Unnoticed by the majority of students, 183 youths from all over the state are taking an eight-weeks short course in four different branches of agriculture. During the short time that they are here, they complete a curriculum similar to that which regular students complete in one semester. Orchestra Prof. F. E. Robbins, of the agronomy school, has one of the most unique records in the University. Every year for the last ten years he hqs organized an orchestrn composed of short cours,e students. These students, who have never played together before, are organized into an orchestra in eight week’s time with two practices each week, They play for the annual graduation exercises which are held at the close of the course in Marph
and before other groups and meetings. A short course directory of the faculty and students with their home towns or counties is made up by the students and distributed to all short course members as an aid in future correspondence with other students. Weekly meetings are also held in Agricultural Hall with a variety of programs scheduled to interest the short course students.
Athletics
Junior Prom, Gala Week Petitions Due Today
Semite Convenes This Afternoon To^ Set Ctam paign Expense Limit
Junior Prom and Gala Week petitions must be returned to the Student Senate office by 6 o’clock this evening, accordmg to the deadline set by the Senate elections committee last week. Twenty-three petition blanks for Prom committee and 11 for the senior committee had been taken out last night.
Those students signing out
blanks for Prom committee were: W. F. Bailey, Sigma Nu; Louise Bain, Kappa Kappa Gamma; W. H. Barry, Kappa Sigma; C. M. Coe, Delta Upsilon; R. G. DeLong, Kappa Sigma; C. D. Ehinger, Sigma Alpha Epsilon; A. H. Forster, Sigma Fhi Epsilon; J. E. Goory, Independent; T. W. Graham, Alpha Gamma Rho; C. B. Hufford. Sigma Nu; E. W. Korty, Sigma Chi. Mary Jean Light, Pi Beta Phi; R. P. Manion, Independent; D. A. Morrison, Phi Gamma Delta; J. R. Murray, Triangle; H. Pforzheimar, Sigma Alpha Epsilon; R. T. Reid, Delta Tau Delta; W. E. Roby, Triangle; C. L. Sadler, Pi Kappa Phi; M. A. Schreyer, Delta Upsilon; F. T. Sheets, Phi Kappa Psi; A. A. Siebenthal. Alpha Gamma Rho; and H. B. Wantland, Alpha Tau Omega. Gala Week Seniors taking out Gala Week petions included: G. O. Bell, Delta Upsilon; D. E. Black, Pi Kappa Phi; C. M. Callis, Acacia; H. J. Geder, IMangle; June Lippert, Lost Haven; A. D. Lutgens, Kappa Delta Rho; T. A. Morris, Independent; J. C. Ohaver, Beta Theta Pi; C. D. Smith, Independent; Eunice Steinke, Alpha Xi Delta; and D. F. Williams, Phi Delta Theta. President Glen Martin has called a Senate meeting for 4 o’clock this afternoon in room A of the Memorial Union Building to set the limit on campaign expenses to be permitted for the two elections. Various committees will also make reports.
Maddock To Talk At YWCA-WSGA Meet
Miss Florence Maddock, General district secretary of the Y. W. C. A. will speak at the joint open meeting of Y. W. C. A. and W. S. G. A. this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building. “Social Service As A Profession And A Hobby” will be the subject of her talk. She is especially interested in building up in students a sense of their responsibility as potential leaders. Tomorrow she will interview co-eds personally. A!ppointments should be made in the office of the dean of women.
Parfitt Returns From Dairy Session
Basketball teams are picked from the student group and an elimination tournament is held with the winning team usually playing a game with one of the county high school teams. The intramural department provides these students with gym facilities and free aceess to the University swimming pool. Many of the present students have had their first introduction to the Univeiuity ns short course students.
Dr. E. H. Parfitt, of the University dairy department, has returned from Ohio State University where he was a guest speaker before the market milk sessions held in connection with the dairy technology conference. In addition to making two appearances before the conference, Dr.Parfitt spoke before the evening graduate seminar of the Ohio State Department of Bacteriology. I In his appearances at Ohio State, he discussed the application of bacteriological principles to the science of dairying.
Milk Production Discussed By Ags
W. E. Noyes, 1926 graduate who is at present connected with the Diversey Chemical Company of Chicago, spoke yesterday evening to the Dairy Club on “How To Produce Quality Milk On The Farm.” The latter portion of the meeting was devoted to the election of cers. The election resulted in the choosing of Siebenthal, Freese, and Underwood for the positions of president, vice president, and secretary-^ treasurer, respeetiv^.
Aeronautical Scholarships
Boeing Contest Offers Flying Course
Students interested in aeronautics will have the opportunity tocompete for the W. E. Boeing aeronautical scholarships, which axe offered to the interested university and college students throughout the United States and Canada. Four scholarships in technical and semitechnical subjects will be awarded at the Boeing School of Aeronautics. The first award in this contest will be in the form of a complete pilot flying course which will enable the student to obtain a regular transport pilot’s license. Winners of the other awards may take any of a variety of technical or semitechnical courses offered by the school, and will in addition receive 25 hours of flying instrimtion. Scholarships will be awarded upon the basis of theseis competition. Detailed information regarding the rules and requirements of the contest may be obtained by writing to the Registrar, Boeing School of Aeronautics, Oakland, California.
SAE To See Diesel Films
Continuing the series of motion pictures in conjunction iitith the Diesel short course, the Society of Automotive Engineers are presenting films at 7:30 this evening in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. The pictures being shown this evening were taken at the rate of 2,000 per second and picture the stages of combustion in an internal combustion engine. The film was made by the General Motors Corporation and the N. A. C. A. and required a special method of lighting. After the film. Prof. H. N. Harmon will discuss the combustion in relation to Diesel engines. Friday evening Mr. H. B. Fenner, of the American Bosch Compaiqr, will show pictures and discuss injection nozzles for Diesel Engines. At the same time, pictures will be shown of Waukesha Diesel engines.
‘Sir Loin^ At Stake At Annual Banquet
The “Knighting of Sir Loin,” accompanied by all the pageantry and pomp that marked the original ceremony, will take place at the annual banquet sponsored by the Purdue Animal Husbandry Club which will be held in the Home Economics cafeteria on Wednesday evening, February 24, it was announced last night. The banquet provides one of the highlights of the year for the agricultural students, and is open to both regular and winter course stut dents specializing in animal himbandry as well as animal husbandry staff members. Tickets can be obtained from the various class representatives. >
Horticiiillire dub Gives Biatquel Tonight
Students majoring in horticulture and members of the horticulture stuff ore invititd to attitnd the banquet to he given by the Horticulture Chd» tonhfbt at 7 o’ctock in the Home Ecuuomics Buddhtg. Urn tickets can be secured fcom Mends, Fi^r, or at the Horticulture BuRding.% * •3«', 'WVfv?
til"
*-, ’ Jj
\'i,j
! .
>»««*»»
THE PUKDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, Febmanr 17. ml
dTlie ^nrtiae exponent
Founded in 188S
1086 Member 1987 associated collegiate press Distributora of COLLEGIATE DIGEST NBpmeeNTKD ron hationai. advwitioino nr National Advertising Service, Inc CMtt* Pmbltsktrs Rtpreseutatlvg A20 Madibon Ave. New York. N. Y. chicaoo • Boston • Ban Francisco LOS ANOEUES • Portland * beattlb
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayett^ Indiana. mail, $8.50 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.50 per year; sold by a single copy, ^ cenw.
Business Phone 6088
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street
Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL BOARD OP CONTROL R. J. Hulse, chairman; Helen Creech, E, H. Morris, L. D. Wood.
EDITORIAL STAFF Manasring Editor...^ ^**jf** Associate Editors i. A. Barnette, j. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, C. L. Sophomore Assistants .W. M. Anthony, D. A. Bailey, J. A. Chapin, J.R Clark L, S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance E. H. Kellogg, K. E. O’Neil
WOMEN'S STAFF
.Helen Creech
Associate Editors Jeanne jfanousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabe^ Advertising Manager Betty Barnett
Business Manager National Advertising Manager Local Advertising Manager.. Circulation Manager.
BUSINESS STAFF
... R. J. Hulse L. H. Brown D. C. Miller J. P. Girard
SPORTS STAFF , yyr Editor * Vf<}oA Associate Editors W. H. Fifield, S. R. Griffiths, R. P. Obenchain
Issue Editor—W. M. Anthony
Grades Too much emphasis is placed on grades at Purdue or should we say in middle western universities. Good ^ades are not necessary to be successful in the business world if a person has a pleasing personality or knows influential people. However, there is unfavorable comment regajrding people who do not m^e average grades. As a fraternity or sorority pledge a student has drummed into his head “make your grades.” Consequently the student is frightened or bored by this constant stressing of the matter. He thinks when he becomes a member that he will hear no more of grades. However, the sophomore is doomed to disappointment for now he is supposed to make good grades to keep the scholastic average of the fraternity high. The fact that excellent marks pay money and gain scholarships and fellowships will maintain grades as an important standard for measuring students. At one of the largest universities in the United States, namely—the University of California, no such disapproving opinion exists as to poor gp’ades. There, no one considers any student a failure who graduates in five or six years. It is a commonly accepted fact upon which no comment is made. Furthermore, if any student enters in campus activities at the huge university, he usually graduates in five years rather than four. With the severe competition that exists among 12,000 students a student leader is not able to fulfill scholastic requirements and carry on his activity. Whether scholarship should or should not be sacrificed to activities is not the question, the fact that grades are too highly emphasized is the evident note. Many faculty members consider grades unnecessary as they comply with the University standards of ranking students in H, A, B. P. C. or D graups. Do students agree with this opinion ? Or do they glory in the competition with fellow students ?—E. C. P.
Lame Duck Presidents Delving into national politics rarely as we do we notice that some University of Michigan professor has come through with a startling observation concerning the new method of inauguration of a president and Congress. There is no such thing as a lame-duck Congress, but the Ann Arbor observer points out the possibility and, in fact, probability, of having a lame-duck president at least every eight years. Under the Norris amendment the new Congress convenes the first week in January following its election. That elimin ates those Congressional sessions that used to come between election and the seating of the new group. Also, under the Norris amendment the president takes office on January 20, rather than on March 4 as before. That leaves an interesting situation, as is pointed out by the professor. Immediately uiion the opening of a Congress the President is required to submit a budget message. Since under the new plan Congress meets approximately two weeks before the corresponding president takes office that means the outgoing president is expected to submit that budget, and also other
measures.
In the present year the effect of this can not be noticed, because of the re-election of President Roosevelt. However, four years from now, barring a third term for Roosevelt, the situation as explained will arise. That the situation is undesirable is something that to us seems inevitable. During the next three or four years some action should be taken to bring about the assumption of their duties by the Congress and the president simultaneously. That would prevent the possibility of a lame-duck executive, so to speak, and would be more logical than the plan as it now stands. —^Michigan State News.
’tis devotion . . . the alpha chls will have to put up with bill winter the fi sigh, more than ever now . . . before monday night he was calling bonnie raber every school morning between 7 and 7:30 just to see if she was up and ready for class . .. then came the saint louis symphony . . . under the inspiration of the music bonnie finally gave in ... it was a shield with a gravy bowl on it that she was wearing when she got home . . . how to keep warm— 1. wear fleece-lined drawers. 2. drink hot coffee with cream and sugar. 3. drink hot coffee. 4. drink. 5. get a heater—either blonde or brunette . . . —los angeles collegian. to think of it... nick beiury, who used to be the head man with judy jones—^till glen martin came along, arrived at the men’s'' pan, friday night, with lip stick aflll over his white bow-tie and collar ... no, that excuse is no good—he hadn’t done any dancing that early!! .... don’t believe her . . . martha haltom, who is now wearing the theta xi pin of bob ruth, did not have the said pin on over the week-end . . . she is trying to make us believe that the pin was in need of fixing . . . that doesn’t go, martha, we saw bob wearing it the days you didn’t.. wanted—woman haters what we need around our alma maters IS a few more women haters. resistance from love around these
parts
is torn down by cupid’s darts. a boy at Purdue hasn’t a chance if a girl happens to give him a glance. he sees so few of the opposite sex that he will even take a goon to
neck.
since all girls at purdue are flirts we need resistance from the skirts. so, for the good of the alma mater be like me—a woman hater . . . —sigma pi.
University Calendar
‘ TODAY 2:30 p. m.—Purdue Women’s Club, Literature Group, Union faculty lounge. 4:00 p. m,-r-Union Show rehearsal. Union room 1 and 2. . 4:00 p. m.—Motion picture. Paper Making, Room 101 of Golden Shops. 4:00 p. m,—YWCA-WSGA joint meeting, women’s lounge of Union Bpilding. 4 {00 p. m.—Playshop rehearsal in tower room of Union. 7;00 p, m.—Union Show rehearsal in tower room of Union. 7:00 p. m,—Horticultural Club, in room 202 of Hort. Building.
7:00 p. m.—Illustrated lecture on Boulder Dam (ASCE), in room 201 of C. E. Building. 7:00 p. m.—Purdue Flying Club in room C of Union Building. 7:15 p. m.—Glider Club in peasant room of Union Building. 7:30 p. m.—West Lafayette Conservation Club in room A of Union Building. 7:30 p. m.—Study Group in room B of the Union Building. 7:30 p. m.—Alpha Phi Omega in room D of Union Building. 7:30 p, m.—Ceres meeting in room F of the Union Building. 7:30 p. m.—-Browsing Room discussion in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union Building. 7:30 p. m—Graduate Dames’ Guest Night in faculty lounge of the Union Building.
Amelia Earhart To Circle Gldbe East To West Amelia Earhart Putnam, ocean conquerer and University vocational consultant, has announced her plans to circle the globe from east to west, following the equator as nearly as posible, in her “flying laboratory” sometime in March. Accompanied by navigator Captain Harry Manning, she will attempt to discover the affects of fatigue on humans after long hours of flying, and determine which foods can best sustain pilots and passengers. Her 27,000 mile flight will start in Oakland, California, and take her directly to Honolulu, 2,400 miles across the Pacific Ocean. Another 2,660 miles will bring her to Howlaud Island, a mere speck on the ocean. From there she will go to Lae, New Guinea, then to Darwin, Australia, where she will follow the England-Australia route across the continent and on over Africa, the Atlantic Ocean, to Brazil, and back to Oakland by way of Miami or Mexico.
Bearce To Show Film On Diesels Slides and motion pictures on diesel and other engines will supplement W. D. Bearce’s talk, “Diesel Locomotives And Streamlined Trains” to be given Thursday at 7:30 p. m. in room 129 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Bearce, who has worked nearly 26 years in the transportation department of the General Electric Co., will speak before a joint open meeting of the A. I. E. E., A. S. M. E., and S. A. E. The honorary and student chairman of the co-operating professional societies will hold a special dinner for the speaker in the Memorial Union Building proceeding the meeting.
he played the part of sucker . . . for a certain little miss named hackleman, june to be exact.. .cloyd smith did play the part of a fullfleldged fish ... a dating her he did do . . . loving her very true . . . but an announcement broke the spell . . . she has a pin from Cornell . . . to bad my boy ... secret passions are so bad . . . but the one that chuck petry has for martha reed is sure bad indeed ... so emmy scholer watch your gal, for chuck will steal her sure . . . with his poli tical lure . . . he’s studying hard you know ... to be a big blow , . . among political louses ... in the play “both your houses” . . . one scared female wanted: will the co-ed that sent kenny burrell the beautiful chocolate heart last Saturday night please come forth and give full account of such an action . . . —paid ad. solved . . . “the mystery of the mars passes” is now undone . 'twas just a case of a couple of lost ones . . . and they have been found ... as ever all sound ,,, and may be had . . . by d. h. n., the cad . . . upon request... at the union desk .
Roth Florist, Inc. Complete Floral Service. Serving Purdue for 37 years. 635 Main St. in Luna Theatre Building Phone 7965 — 8050
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Radio Director Offers $50 Prize Edwin G. Bai’rett, director of the radio department of Drake University, has announced that a $60 cash prize contest for original radio dramas is to be sponsored by his department. Barrett said that the principal rules of the contest are: 1. Contest is open to residents of the United States only. 2. Performing length of script is limited to either 13 or 26 minutes. 3. Signed declaration of originality must accompany each manuscript. Thomas Duncan, member of the Drake faculty and nationally known radio script writer, will judge the contest.
ARC
FINAL TODAY
—EXTRA FEATURE— CECILIA PARKER in “BELOW THE DEADLINE” —Pius— COMICOLOR CARTOON
—LAST DAY-
ROMANCE IN THE AIR!
Fred MacMURRAY Gladys SWARTHOUT <(|jlin^e
ALTZ"
i^^JACK OAKIE ^«-VEL9Z«nd
.YOLANDA
STARTING TOMORROW JANE WITHERS in “THE HOLY TERROR”
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“Don’t argue with him, Wilbur—^we’re hopelessly behind on this month’s budget snyway!”
WBAA
TODAY 11:00—American Institutions. 11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—^Farm Facts For Farm Folks, Glen Sample. 12:16—Luncheon Dance, Bud Bryant’s Orchestra. 12:30—^Vocational Guidance, 12:46—Noon Musicale. 1:00—Principles of Leadership Prof. O. F. Hall. 1:46—Markets, Weather. 2:00—Musical Moments. 2:16—Browsing Time, Mrs. Lloyd Josselsm. 2:30—Afternoon Melodies. 2:46—Melody Re'view. 3:00—^Principles of Speech, Mr. Robert Horn. 3:50—Musical Interlude. 4:00—Lafayette PTA Program. 4:16—American Legion Program, Mrs. Emil Baumgardt, “Americanism.” 4:30—Moment Musicale. 4:46—Meditations, Rev. Edgar Ainslie.
PLUMBING AND HEATING Lane-Pyke-Werkhoff Company Phone 3882
Family —LASt DAY— Dionne Quintuplets in “REUNION” ~—and— Lawrence Tibbett in “UNDER YOUR SPELL”
STARTING TOMORROW Bob Allen in “Law of the Ranger” —and— MAY ROBSON in “WOMAN IN DISTRESS”
LUMA —LAST DAY-
STARTING TOMORROW JOSEPH CALLEIA in “MAN OF THE PEOPLE” ROCHELLE HUDSON in “WOMAN WISE”
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
The Risk Dental Clinic DB. PAUL A. BISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
NEW
Al
III
PATRONIZE THE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
FINAL TIMES TODAY Double Feature Frank McHugh and Joan Blondell in “3 MEN ON A HORSE” —PlUB— Preston Foster and Joyce Compton in “SUICIDE SQUAD” Starts Tomorrow Big Double Feature A Thousand Heart Beats in Every Hoof Beat! A thrilling drama of the turf.
EIBST LAFAYETTE SHOWING
—^Plus Second Feature— WHAT HIDDEN BARRIER KEPT THIS HUSBAND AND WIFE DIVIDED? . Be gave her everything money can buy ...but her heart was hnnsrry for somothingr she dared not name! A picture without precedent . . . a picture every woman will want some man to see!
m ME p HEUBr OEORdf BRENT Roland Ynung • Pntrfc Knowles Westward Whoa—A Cartoon\
Wedftegday, February I7t 1987
THE TUEBITE EXPONENT
THREE PURDUE BOXERS WIN BOUTS
Golden Gloves Finals Five Boilermakers In Bacharach Sets Pace, K,0,’s Lord; Lyles, Hardesty Get Decisions Over Kurtz, Howard
By Bill Fideld
With three out of five men winning their bouts in the finals of the Golden Gloves at the Lafayette Armory last night, the Purdue boxing team did not quite live up to Coach “Punchy” Maxwell’s boast that Purdue would win four out of the eight championships.
Steve Bacharach, who was up against one of his own teammates in the final, Kenneth Lord, is undoubtedly the class of the outfit. Steve knocked out Lord in the first round, K. O.’d Stevens, of Antioch, in the first of the semi-finals, and came to the semi-finals by a knockout in the quarterfinals last week. Steve was the 160 lb. Golden Gloves chanfitpion
from Lafayette last year.
In the 175 lb. class Sock Kurtz of West Lafayette lost to Lawrence Lyles of Purdue by continuously leading the fight. Lyles kept backing away and watching for openings and managed to get several
blows that counted. Kern Can Take It
Carl Kem, of Crawfordsville, was
another boy that looked like he might do something at Chicago next Monday night when the Lafayette champions try their skill in the Windy City. Kern fought Hamilton, af Lafayette, for the championship of the 135 lb. class and the former had to take plenty in winning his
fight.
The heavyweights put on the show for the evening when Fred Ramputi, of Purdue, met last year’s champion, Gilus Lowe, of Ambia. Lowe did some clever boxing in keeping Ramputi tied up during the three rounds while Gilus punished
him in the ribs and face.
Wilmer Hardesty, the third Purdue man to win, probably had the toughest opponent of any of the Boilermakers in the finals that came
FRATERNITIES AND SORORITIES WHEN PLANNING YOUR PARTIES BE SURE AND CALL ON US. Rates Reasonable for Hall Rental Finest Floor in Middle West. NEW ADULT BALLROOM CLASSES OPEN
BEGINNER’S WEDNESDAY, MARCH 10th ADVANCED THURSDAY, MARCH 11th
7:30 P.M. •
6TH & PERSY
ALLEN’S
Phone 2150
Does Your Car’s Gait Resemble that of a Donkey ?
Many automobiles of today move along the road with a gait resembling that of a donkey. Stop and think for a moment . . . does your car “lurch” when you don’t want it to? Does it stop when you would give most anything to have it run? Does it ride much the same as a ‘^bucking” donkey? Your car wasn’t built for this type of service . . . why should it give you such service? Your car will behave if it is properly taken care of. See us anytime for service. Peter Anderson Co. Service from Suntise to Sunrise
525 ALABAMA ST.
PHONE 4Q48
Athletes Face Heavy Week Swinuuing, Basketball^ Fencing, Squash Teams To Play Purdue’s swimming meet with DePauw today will launch a busy week for the Boilermaker’s active winter sports squads, with the track men the lone inactive aggregation. Friday will find the swimmers at Chicago for the second dual engagement of the week, and their second invasiop of the Windy City this month. Saturday the squash team once again swings into action, after a brief rest, when they travel to Champaign for a dual meet with the Illinois racqueteers. Northwestern’s impressive fencing squad, conqueror of Notre Dame, will provide a tough assignment for the Boilermaker sword wielders here Saturday afternoon at four o’clock in one of the Put; standing meets of the year. The Purple team recently ended the long string of Irish victories, 9-8, while the Boilermakers were humbled by Notre Dame earlier in the year, 12 to 6, although they have shown considerable improvement since that time. The crucial battle with Minnesota’s Big Ten basketball leaders here Saturday night, which has been a complete sellout for over three weeks, will provide the climax of the week’s activities.
through in the end. 112 lb. Class Floyd Robinson, Lafayette Roy Brown, Lafayette—x D 118 lb. Class Roy Douglas, Covington Ham Wilson, Frankfort—^x TKO 126 lb. Class Walter Howard, Lafayette Wilmer Hardesty, Purdue—^x D 135 lb. Class Carl Hamilton, Lafayette Carl Kern, Crawfordsville—x D 147 lb. Class Harold Ford, Lafayette Joe Cook, Lafayette—% D 160 lb. Class Kenneth Lord, Lafayette Steve Bacharach, Purdue—^x KO 175 lb. Class Sock Kurtz, West Lafayette Lawrence Lyles, Purdue—^x D Heavyweight Fred Ramputi, Purdue Gilus Lowe, Ambia—x D X—^Won. D—^Decision. TKO—^Technical Knockout. KO—Knockout.
Wisconsin Teams Abroad This Week Only tw6 Wisconsin athletic teams will be competing in their home bailiwick this week. The track team will meet Marquette in a dual meet at the fieldhouse, Saturday at 2:30 p. m., following the opening of the intercollegiate boxing season in a Wisconsin-North Dakota match at the fieldhouse on Friday night. The basketball team will play at Iowa Saturday and at Illinois, Monday. The wrestlinjg team will tackle Carleton College at Northfield, Friday, and the all-con-quering Gophers at Minneapolis on Saturday.
BASKETBALL
TODAY Court 1—^Official, McDonald 7:00—^Ward 1 vs. Ward 5. 7:15—Ward 4 vs. Ward 7. 8:25—^Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon (B). 8:40—Beta Sigma Psi vs. Loser of (Delta Chi vs. Alpha Tau Omega). (B). ^ Court 2—Official, Phillips 7:00—^WArd 11 vs, Ward 9. 7:15—^Beta Theta Pi vs. Kappa Delta Rho (B). 8:25—^Ward 11-x vs. Ward 12. 8:40—Kappa Sigma vs. Loser (Delta Upsilon vs. Pi Kappa Alpha) (B). Court 3—Official, Chapman 7:00—^Ward 8 vs. Ward 10. 7:15—1st North Hall vs. 2nd North Hall. 8:25—2nd North Hall vs. 3rd North Hall. 8:40—3rd North Hall vs. Ist North Hall.
ielder’s.... ....choice
•By Bob Walpole*
“Well, we beat Young, anyway,” was the comment made by one of the mini students as the gun sounded ending the whipping that the former Big Ten leaders received ...
—fc—
The game wa^ fast and furious most of the time, and one of the cipanest we have ever seen ... we didn’t see one intentional foul on either team, and as for sportsmanship by players on both squads nothing evil can be said ... the officiating was excellent . . .
—^fc—
We had a nicO''talk with Dave Hoff at dinner Monday night . . . Dave is Sports Editor of the Daily mini, and really a fine gent . . . we asked him how’s come the crack about the TYPICAL PURDUE SPORTSMANSHIP after the game with Illinois here . . . you remember, he said that the crowd of Purdue rooters was not what he considered of the best... he based his opinion on the game with Illinois on January 28, and one other game two years ago in Jeff Gym ... so, despite the fact that the crowd was not on its best behavior on those two occasions, he had some reason for his remark, but apologized . . . mildly . . .
—^fc—
Since the former game with the Illinois outfit, the editorial columns and the pages of the Illini have been filled with SPORTSMANSHIP, and we might say it was fine Monday evening . . . the team was licked to the point of a laugh, but the crowd only showed dissatisfaction on one occasion, and then only lightly . . .
—^fc—
Brig Young was hotter than a little red hen... one of those nights when every time he tossed the ball it dropped in ... he now has a total of 129 points in eight games ... that averages 16.1 points per game which isn’t bad for a little fella ... if he averages 10 points for the four remaining contests he will have the individual championship locked up ... we nominate Jewell Young for All-American . . .
1. U. Golf, Tennis Teams Practice Indiana University’s golf and tennis teams are holding early workouts in preparation for their spring schedules. The Crimson golf team is slated to play five matches in adi dition to the annual Western Conference and state meets late in May. Starting with an invasion by Iowa’s linksmen April 17, the Indiana greensmen will oppose Ohio State, Illinois, Purdue, and Michigan in succession. Four home matches, five on the road, a four-team meet at Columbus, O., and the annual intercollegiate tourney make up the spring program for Indiana’s tennis men. An interesting conference event is scheduled for May 14-15 at Columbus when Ohio State, Indiana, Illinois, and Purdue cross racquets.
Co-eds To Feature Volleyball Game The co-ed sports session next Friday night will feature a volleyball gh^me. Each side will be composed of teams from a sorority and a fraternity. The definite teams have not yet been decided upon. The game will probably begin at 7:15 p. m. and last until about 8:30 p. m. ' A' great variety of games are Scheduled for the Friday night session. Among them are badminton, ping-pong, deck tennis, and other volleyball games.
Staff Members Talk On White County Program Speeches by members of the University faculty. Miss Aneta Beadle, and Miss Inez Kent, who addressed the women’s sections, afid K. E. Beeson and John W. Schwab, who addressed the men’s sections, were a part of the educational program of the White county farmers’ short course yesterday morning, which opened at Monticello Monday evening.
Teams Practice For Intramural Carnival Events At the date for the annual Intramural Carnival draws closer, more teams are beginning practice for the four man relay races to be run on the track in the Memorial G3rmnasium. Last year the Phi Kappa Psi fraternity won the coveted trophy presented each year to the winner. This year, in addition to a winner’s trophy, a consolation trophy will be awarded the winning t^m in the losers’ bracket. Besides these two trophies, the members of the winning team will each be given a gold medal while the members of the run-ner-up team will receive silver medals. Supplementing the featured irelay race, there are many other events open for competition, including the Silver derby, boxing, wrestling, gymnastics, walking race and innumerable other events. Those planning to enter are reminded of the extreme competition, and it is sr^gested that members of the various teams begin practice immediately for their events. It is compulsory that all wrestlers attend at least five practice sessions before February 25, the date of the carnival.
Mermen Face DePauw Today Capt. Vernor To Lead Invasion Of Greeneasde Purdue’s formidable tank squad moves on to Greencastle today where they meet the DePauw team in a dual swimming engagement this afternoon. The Tigers present a strong well balanced team this year and are expected to give the Boilermakers a good run for their money. Tim B<nlermaker mermen have shown a steady improvement, and in their last two meets against tiie strong Hlinois and Indiana teams proved that they can swim with the best of them. Coach LaBree is taking the same group of men that made the trip to Champaign, last Saturday, headed by Captain Paul Vemor, of Rockford, Illinois, free style dash artist, who captured three firsts against Indiana and two against Illinois in •dual meets last week-end.
Lizards are common to all parts of the globe except the polar regions. They are especially numerous in the tropics.
MAKE A GOOD IMPRESSION WITH A NICE LOOKING CAR. RENT A CAR REASONABLY FROM
314 N. 4th St.
ROGER’S DRIVE YOtlRSELF SYSTEM
Phone 6455
Luxurious Lounges
Make a mighty fine spot to talk or read. Ther^ are separate lounges for those who wish to listen to the radio or enjoy a game of chess or checkers. In your spare time, whether between classes, affer school, or in the evening, relax both physically and mentally in one of the luxurious lounges in the Union. They gre for you Use them!
PURDUE MEMORIAL
UNION
Comar «f Cawpua Cantat af AathdtlaiTHE PPBDUE AaCPONaWT
TYPEWKITBRS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Bbershoff, 605 Main street. Phone 2779.
Shirts Well Laundered ■ mended. Reasonable prices. 65243.
- And Phone
For Rent—One half room with single bed. street. Phone 7764.
of double 122 Pierce
Room For Rent—Very desirable room with twin beds. Will accept services for rent. Phone 66642.
For Sale—Good tuxedo suits $4 to $15 each. Moore’s Colonial Market. 220 N. 5th street.
Surveying-—Area computations of first semester classes are available in room 102 of the Civil Building. They will not be held after February 20. —TODD.
are urgently needed at this rehearsal, and should assemble promptly at that ume; obtaining guidons from room 104. Any guidon who canont be present notify his battery commander immediately so that a guidon may be designated who can attend. One merit will be awarded for each extra attendance. —SINGER. Independent—Staff meeting February 17 at 7 P m —SENNSTROMM.
Gold Peppers—Meeting in the W. S. G. A. office February 17 at 7:46 p. m Everyone must be present —SCUDDER.
Alpha Zeta, Ceres—Joint meeting February 17 at 7:30 p. m. in room F of the Union Building. Speakers. —HARDIN.
Prof. Ellis Lauds Simmon’s Lecture “It is one of the best engineering lectures I have ever heard,” wired Prof. C. A. ElHs, of the civil engineering school, after hearing a preview of the lecture on “Boulder Dam” which D. M. Simmons is to give this evening at 7:30 before a meeting of the A. S. C. E. in room 201 of the Civil Engineering Building. Simmons delivered his speech yesterday at a meeting of the Engineering Society of Indiana.
Alpha Phi Omega—Installation of officers and business meeting February 17 fn room D of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 o’clock —KUECK '
Flying Club—Meeting in the Memorial Union Building at 7 o’clock February 17. Important business for shareholders. —SMITH
Engineering Drawing Condition Examinations—A make-up examination for the removal of “Conditions” and “Incompletes” in engineering drawing, P. M. 11 and P. M. 12, will be given February 20, from 1 to 4 in room 201, Michael Golden Shops. Bring permit for removal of “C” or “I ” —RISING.
Fraternities—Those fraternities whose crests are still in the Union Building please call for them at the Student Union office as soon as possible. —WIEGANDT.
W. A. A. Badminton—Badminton tournament games will be played on February 16 at 4 o’clock, Mohler vs. Ayer, and Louanna Thompson vs. Kernel, at 4:30, B Dobson vs. K. Merritt, and Virginia Huffman vs. Betty Arnold. —MAIER.
W. A. A.—Playday committee meeting February 17 at 7 o’clock m the W A. A. office. Have reports ready. —ARNOLD
Glider Club—Meeting at 7:30 February 17 in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building. —O’NEAL,
Horticulture Club—^Banquet February 17 at 7 p m. m Home Economics Building —TOWNSEND.
GE Officials Interview Seniors F. L. Kemp, superintendent of testing, Schnectady, N. Y., M. M. Boring, superintendent of personnel, Schnectady, N. Y., P. W. Tumy, Grand Rapids, Mich., M. Q. Allen, Cleveland, O., C. C. Adams, Chicago, 111., and G. E. Mullens, Schnectady, N. Y., all representatives of the General Electric Co., have been on the campus since Monday interviewing senior mechanicals and electricals. Mullens, Allen, Tumy, and Adams are all graduates of the University. The interviewers expect to finish their business here by this afternoon.
17.19^7 mmAm
Mote Wrestlers Needed In 118 And 125 Pound Classes Anyone who has a desire to become a wrestler, or anyone who thinks he is a wrestler should report to Coach Scrivnor about four o’clock any afternoon at the north end of the Memorial Gymnasium. At the present time there are about 30 boys trying to learn more about this manly art. The lightweight classes and heavyweight class are in the need of more bruisers. There is just one man out for the 118 pound class and two for the 125 pound class. Coach Scrivnor states, “If the fellows keep working they will be able to make a good showing against competition; then I shall arrange for some meets.”
SUBSCRIBE TO THE PURDUE EXPONENT NOW I
MARKS / the SPOT
Where your advertisement should have been this week, but we are using the spot to tell you that wideawake advertisers con get the best results in West Lafayette through the paper that eveipy Purdue student and faculty member reads doily— THE Purdue Exponent
Freshman and Sophomore Union Workera—Will my freshmen committee and the following members of my sophomore committee please meet in the Union office February 17, at 4 p. m., Jacobson, Millholland, Lindgren, Zimmer, Luskot. —PUTZE.
Senate Meeting—February 17 at 4 p. m in room A of the Union Building. Very im portant 1 —MARTIN,
Radio Club—Members have been invited to attend joint session with Glider Club to see the film “Amateur Radio In Gilder Work,” The meeting will be held in the Peasant room of the Union Building Feb ruary 17 at 7:30. —FORD
Orchesis—General meeting February 17 at 7 ;30 in the women’s gym —PRENTICE.
Sophomore Union Workers—The following members of my committee meet m'the workshop of the Union Building February 17, at 4 p. m, Cabonargi. Reminga, Guinn, ’Troutman, Schreiber. Taylor, M Wood, and M. White. —PFORZHEIMER ■Hie following members of my committee meet in the workshop of the Union Build mg February 17 at 4 p. m., Harper, Ja cobi. Peck, Riudolf, Doyle, Jacobs, and Patch. —CLAYPOLE
Playshop Lights Crew—^Meet at Duncan Hall at 4 p. m February 17. —WILLEY
Music Rehearsal—Singing chorus and cast meet in tower room of Union Building at 7:46 February 17 —RIETH.
Scabbard and Biad^—All actives must get dance bids from me at 146 N. Grant street before 11 p m Wednesday, February 17, —MILNER
W. A. A. Bowling—The following games will be played February 18 • Kappas vs Ward 3 at 6:46 p m., Ward 2 vs. Thetas at 8:30 p. m —BOEHM
W. A, A. Basketball—4.00 Bronx vs WRH in small grym; 4.00 Alpha Chi Omega vs. Pi Phi, large gym, 4.30 Kappa Kappa Gamma vs. Ward 3 in large gym. —SHAFFER
Bowlers—Alleys 1 and 2 will be reserved from 6 •46 to 10:30 p m February 18 because of the tournament play. —STUCKY.
YWCA-WSGA Open Meeting—Everyone is invited to attend the open meeting with Miss Maddock this afternoon at 4 p m. in women’s lounge of Union Building —JONES.
Co-eds—Co-eds may make personal ap pointments to interview Miss Maddock in the Dean of Women’s office. —JONES Military Boxing—All men signed up for M. T. boxing in 168, 176 and heavy classes will report to the Memorial Gymnasium February 17 at 4 p m, for preliminary bouts. —KURTZ.
Egg And Chick Show Committee—Please meet with Poultry Club for regular mon^ly meeting at Poultry Building February 17 at 7:80jp. m. —THIE.
Poaltry Onb— Regular meeting February 17 at 7:80 p. m.. in the Poultry Building. Scott Henners will be the guest of honor All members should arrange to be present. —ANDERSON.
Last Call For Gymnasts—^This is to be the last call for gymnasts. All men who anticipate entering gymnastic events in the atbeltic carnival please report in small gym February 17 at 4 p. m. Instruction will be given every ilay at 4 p. m. until carnival ”**'***’ —FIELDS
!; ^ V** V, V 'v
VS aroma for you
OaMans llilnl Retriment And 8-2—There will be a re^arsal of all guidons for the carnival F^ruary 19 in Armory, from 6 to iS P> m. All tbe guidons of each battery
... picture of Chesterfield tobacco just as it comes out of the 1000-pound wooden hogsheads after ageing for three years. If you could be there when these hundreds of hogsheads are opened up ... if you could see this mild ripe tobacco, prime and ready to be made into Chesterfield Cigarettes ... see th6 golden color of the leaf. .. and get a whiif of that delightful aroma * • • you’d say . . . ^^Delichus . . . makes me think of fruit cake.**
Mild, ripe home-grown and aromatic Turkish tobaccos... aged three years... make Chesterfield an outstanding cigarette...give them a more pleasing taste and aroma.
Copyright 1937. LicoBn & Mvw Tobacco Co.