r
Progressives Take Election
THE WEAT^ Forecast for Indiana: Cloudy and colder today. Tomorrow generally fair.
Purdue Exponent
WEDNESDAY December 14, 1938 Lafayette, bidiona Vol 50 No. 79
z-ias
Boilermaker Netmen Will Meet Detroit Titans Today PROBABLE LINEUPS PURDUE Pos. DETROIT Hutt F Piana Zink F Alex Anderson (C) C Caliban (CC) Dickinson G O’Donnell Beretta G Buchholz (CC) OFFICIALS—Referee, Nick Kearns, DePaul; umpire, John Schommer, Chicago. PLACE—Fieldhouse. TIME—7:30. With the opening of the basketball season two days past, the Boilermakers will meet the Detroit Titans tonight at 7:30 in the second game of the year. The Titans, led by the spectacular junior center. Co-captain Bob Caliban, bring to Purdue a squad made up of six juniors and six sophomores, with no seniors in the list. Coach Lambert will stick with the m j ■ I ■ g 11 lineup which opened the 1938-39 |V||||fgfy HOIlOrflry basketball season Monday night, but » ■ will undoubtedly give some of the a. || ■■(■i sophomores another chance to play. rllF||lll|fV Lambert indicated that it would take Ivllillliiy IIIHIHI ViJ much smoother playing to handle ^ ■ ■■ ■ the Titan team than the Boilermak- Cs^|||ly ers displayed against Monmouth. JlPlIvillif I OliPiiy A ii.1. A I, A Scabbard and Blade, military honAlthough the team showed up ..... j , i, a j orr 4^1 1- ^ V -ii- 4. 4? 4.1, orary, initiated and banqueted 37 flashes of brilliance, most of the , , , t •4.- 4.- , j TIT j pledges last night. Initiation serplay was rather ragged Monday ^ j • 4.1. a . , , T " . . vice was performed m the Armory, night. In a continuation of his at- , ., , . , 1 j • t • 1 , ,, \ , and the banquet was held in Lincoln tempt to find capable replacements m i. 4.T4.T«r-inT,i, „ 4., .„■ o- Lodge. Toastmaster Lt. W. E. Roby for the three men. Young, Sines, _ , ,, ,. ... J ,, , , , T 4. • 4.1. Jr., opened the meeting and introand Malaska, who were lost in the ’ , • , , J X- -n- -n duced the three speakers, spring by graduation. Piggy will probably use Igney, who made three Captain E. V. Holmes gave the baskets against Monmouth, and Red principal talk of the evening on Swarts, center, who is rapidly de- “West Point’s honor system.” Sugveloping into a capable relief cen- gesting that the system be introter. duced into Purdue by the Scabbard One of the highlights of the con- and Blade, Holms enlarged upon test will be the duel between Boiler- the plan. maker captain Gene Anderson and initiated include the fol-DetroitCo-captainBobCalihanwho Associate members, held the rangy Gold and Black piv- ^ ot man scoreless in their meeting ^ ^ Donaldson, Prof. J. Lislast year. The Titan center is rated p with the best in the nation this ^^^^ers, J. W. Claypool, and C. A. year, while Anderson is among the best ball handlers, sleight-of-hand-passers, and short shot artists in Advance military students inithe country. tiated arei R. C. Becker, H. N. BehDetroit Wins Opener rends, W. B. Boothby, R. R. Cooper, Detroit’s starting lineup will in- W. J. Derner, J. T. Doan, E. H. elude the same men who began the Duval, R. L. Forkner, P. T. Frangame last Friday against St. Mary’s gos, E. C. Gross, P. S. Harper, J. of Orchard Lake, in which the Ti- A. Hebbeler, R. E. Heine, R. R. tans piled up 65 points. Hirchert, C. F. Hoffman, R. H. Last season the Detroit five lost Jacks, J. E. Kessel, H. M. Knight, a fast 53-26 game to the Boilerma- H. G. Kolb, A. H. Levin, D. C. Mankers as Tom Dickinson totalled 15 love, R. C. Meleney, D. E. Monger, points for high scoring honors, so M. L. Munson, S. T. Novak, T. E. the young, but veteran team from Persinger, W. C. Prechter, T. J. the autombile city will be out to Sherman, J. E. Taylor, and E. L. avenge that old score tonight. Tyner. Independents Will Close Social Season With Annual Semi-Formal Christmas Dance Friday Closing its 1938 social season Friday night, the Purdue Independent Association will dance to the music of Irvan Maury’s orchestra in the Union ballroom and faculty lounge from 9 to 12. The occasion is their annual Christmas semi-formal, and will be featured by a visit from Santa Claus with gifts for the chaperones.
Through special permission of L. M. Vallely, Union manager, the entire west end second floor corridor and faculty lounge will be available for dancing, and a public address system will be supplied for this part of the Union. Decorations include draperies over the' large stained glass window, and a large natural wreath with a candle in its center, a Christmas tree, and a fireplace through which Santa will enter. Semi-Formal Dance Members and their dates will be admitted upon presentation of one membership card and passport per couple. Long dresses and business suits will be in order and no corsages are expected. Faculty members who have been invited to chaperone the dance are: Dean and Mrs.
Co«e€f Hours Announced WSGA hours for co-eds were announced by president Mary Alice Learning at a meeting of the WSGA executive board held last night at 7:45 p. m. in the Union. Although co-eds are allowed to have social engagements on Tuesday, December 20, they must sign in at 11 o’clock, according to the ruling. On Wednesday, December 21 and on Wednesday, January 4, 12 o’- . clock hours will be in force.
Vote Tabulations
Prom
Gala Week
Progressive
Progressive
Bennie Burns
464
Fred Baase
359
Bill Dunshee
454
Vincent Hruby
452
Stubby Meier a
.... 357
Lloyd Farquhar
451
Martha Baker
357
Ralph Reiley
451
Margaret Mitchell
447
Ralph Maby
352
Frank Schleicher
436
Verle Farrow
349
Boilermaker
Dale Schinbeckler
. . 343
Allen Shackleton
449
Louise Schickler
444
Boilermaker
Wayne Hearne
443
Jack Swinney
441
Dale Hutt
.. .308
Paul Cooper
427
R. R. Hannas
... 308
Jim Hebbeler Jim Williamson
427 425
Tony Ippolito
302
Eleanor Turner
302
Unaffiliated
Milton Reeves
300
Julius Singer
26
Herbert Boyer
298
Sweep Gala Week; Lose One Berth On Prom Committee
I
Progressive party candidates won six out of the seven Prom Committee berths and made a clean sweep of the Gala Week ticket in yesterday’s Senate-sponsored election. Regulation voting machines were used yesterday for the first time on the campus, allowing the returns to be announced ten minutes after the voting was announced closed. All time records for high voting were broken as Prom totals ran to
904 and Gala Week to 670.
‘ This year’s Prom Committee race, the closest Purdue has
seen for many years, was decided largely by the power of split ballots. Red-haired Allen Shackleton outdistanced his Boilermaker running mates to win the sixth place on the Prom tickets. His fellow committee-members will be, in order of votes polled: Bennie Burns, Bill Dunshee, Vincent Hruby, Ralph Reiley,
Lloyd Farquhar, and Margaret Mitchell.
Debate Candidates Will Meet Thursday In University Hall
M. L. Fisher, Dean Dorothy Stratton, Prof. W. T. Miller, Prof, and Mrs. A. H. Monroe, Dr. M. D. Steer, Mr .and Mrs. R. B. Stewart. Miss Claire A. Coolidge, Miss Roberta D. Connolly, Miss Ruth Houghlin, Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Bodden, Miss Doris Dickert, Prof, and Mrs. H. M. Jacqlin, Miss Helen Schlenaan, Mr. W. S. Fletemeyer, Dean and Mrs. V. C. Freeman, and Dr. and Mrs. I. Walersteine. Theta Xi... . , . announces the election of the following officers: president, Louis A. Luth; vice-president, Robert C. Jones; house m9,nager, Raymond W. Brown; senior steward, Michell Cash; junior steward, John A. Scott; and secretary, Fred T. Sarginson.
Politicians Watch Silently As Oiiicials Open Booths
“The night before Christmas,” had nothing on the silence that came over campus politicians, numbering around 100, as the backs of the voting machines were opened to give the final result last night. From five till six the tension in the Union grew. Yellow party tags were worn in all their prominence, more enthusiastic members of the parties wearing from three to five tags. Handshaking was in vogue. Candidates stood weakly about being bolstered up by party members. White faces were prevalent. Everyone recognized their old acquaintances as they marched up to vote. The balcony was lined with faces, tables were used as chairs. And the usually neat and letter perfect Union great hall looked familiar— more like that fraternity or home living room at a bull session. Promptly at 6 p. m. the voting, which was rather heavy during the last hour, stopped as Fishbum ar\d Elliott, Senate officials in charge, unlocked the backs of the voting’ machines. No announcement was made, but when Tony Ippolito came out with a rather glum expression, and Ripper Manion started smiling the announcement was as complete
as possible.
So close were the results that there was not enough of a majority present at the ballot voting to raise
Puppet Club Works On 'Treasure Island' In the Union workshop the recently formed Marionette Club is preparing for its first production, “Treasure Island.” The club, organized by Ed Grier, consists of Bob Maynard, in charge of electricity; Sue Enders, costumes and make-up; and Warren Archibald, marionette bodies and controls. The club is under the auspices of Playshop. There are to be 30 marionettes and eleven scenes in the production. All sound effects and voices are to be recorded by the speech clinic.
even a small cheer—discounting a high pitched squeak out of a few
co-eds.
Good Spirits? ?
The Boilermaker party took the loss in as good spirits as was reasonably expectable. Louise Schickler and Red Shackleton seemed a bit stunned, and spent most of their time lamenting the fate of the party as a,-.whole. Stubby Meiers crashed through with a couple of his customary (screwy) war dances. As the Boilermaker party thinned, leaving the Progressives, the spirits of the party rose accordingly, so that by 7 o’clock everyone present was happy about the whole thing. A real job faces the Progressives, plus Red Shackleton. With the voting as close as it was, both halves must be satisfied. The committee elected is competent and we wish them all the luck in getting a super band for the biggest dance of the year—Junior Prom. Glee Club Appears With Orrin Tucker In Chicago Night Spot. Purdue’s Glee Club took Chicago’s high spots by storm this last week-end. Not satisfied with “stealing the show” at the Indiana Society of Chicago’s annual banquet in the Grand Ballroom of the Palmer House, this outstanding group of men accepted an invitation from maestro Orrin Tucker and proceeded to take over the floor show in the Empire Room. Encore was so great that the group was called back for a second round of pieces. College Inn at the Hotel Sherman took care of the boys for the rest of the evening—until “Closed” signs were posted. The Club has received a standing invitation from the management of the Empire Room to feature in their floor show program whenever in Chicago. “America’s Best Glee Club,” was Orrin Tucker’s reference to the group when they were introduced.
Varsity debate for the second semester gets underway Thursday afternoon at 4 o’clock, when candidates for the squad meet with Prof. P. E. Lull, varsity debate coach, in room 301 of University Hall. “Resolved; that the United States should cease to use public funds for the purpose of stimulating business” is the question for the second semester. Both experienced and inexperienced men are eligible for the squad. Trips for the second semester include a tour of the south during spring vacation, with stopovers at a number of Universities enroute. The trip will be similar to one taken in 1931, when the varsity team took a two-weeks’ tour of the southern circuit, engaging in 14 debates. Debates at home for the second semester are scheduled with Washington and Lee, William and Mary, the University of Florida, and Boston University. Thursday’s meeting is for the purpose of organization. All men interested in varsity work are urged by Coach P. E. Lull to attend.
Sigma Nu.
. . . social fraternity announces the formal initiation last Sunday of the following men: Robert P. Bratten, Fort Worth, Tex.; Harry C. Dess, Bicknell; Samuel M. Marks, West Lafayette; and Jack Parret, Princeton.
Three votes difference elected Margaret Mitchell above Boilermaker Louise Schickler. A rumor had spread around to the opposite effect soon after the voting machines were examined, but was proven false almost immediately. Gala Week Victors Victorious Progressive candidates who will direct Gala Week this year are: Fred Baase, Stubby Meier, Verle Farrow, Martha Baker, Ralph Maby, and Dale Schinbeckler. Their majority was approximately 50 votes in 670. Use of the voting machines had caused a misunderstanding last night which caused a petition for a revote to be submitted to the Student Senate. An experiment on the machines conducted by a Senate special election committee proved that the petition was unjustified and it was promptly withdrawn. Jack Swinney, speaking for the Boilermaker aggregation at the Senate meeting said, “The Boilermaker party is not backing any petition for a revote. We were beaten and that is the end of it as far as we are concerned.” Split Ballot Factor Consensus of opinion on the Progressive side of the fence ran about parallel to the following sigh of relief uttered by an unidentified junior, “It was that last car that we brought into action that won us the election!” This year for the first time split ballots entered into the picture as an all-important factor. There was no way of determining the exact number of these ballots since the voting machine had no provision for that, but a rough estimate placed the number at 45. Comparison of the returns showed an average difference of 14 ballots between the two parties in the Prom election.
Independent Students' Convention Will Open Friday In Memorial Union Building Delegates from middlewestem colleges will start registering at 10 a. m. Friday in the PIA Union office for the first MidWestern Independent Convention. Their program will continue through noon Saturday, coupling discussion of organization and administration problems with entertainment. PIA President Don Wells an- —
nounced last night that all students will be invited to the discussion sessions. Students may also purchase tickets for Friday noon’s luncheon in the faculty lounge. They will be on sale in the PIA offiice at seventy-
five cents each.
Hockema To Speak F. C. Hockema, acting University president, will address the group on “Leadership” at the luncheon. Following this an Ohio State representative will hold open forum on “Gaining and Holding Interest in Independent Activities.” Delegates will be invited to PIA’s Christmas dance Friday night. Convention committee members are arranging dates for visiting men, and urge all co-eds who would like dates
with men from another campus to leave their name in the PIA office. Discussion Sessions Discussion sessions by Bill Feldman, Independent editor-in-chief, and a Wisconsin representative are scheduled for Fi’iday afternoon. Feldman will speak on “The Independent Newspaper,” and the Wisconsin man will discuss “Policies and Objectives of the Independent
Association.”
Dinner and entertainment in the Union reception room will precede the dance Friday evening. Saturday’s program 'will open with a breakfast at 8 a. m. in the reception room. Discussions will follow, the convention will be adjourned at
noon.\r
SdibfdaL
THE PUBDHE EXPONENT
Wednesday, December 14, 1938
Prom And Gata Week... . . . elections ran true to form yesterday in every respect but one. Prom electioiis wete far too close for comfort, although that majr only serve to bolster interest next year. As usual the number of votes cast exceeded all previous records. This year, however. Gala Week elections attracted an almost phenominal percentage of the senior class to the polls. Prom elections attracted almost 100 more votes than last year and Gala Week voting increased about 240. As usual there were a few cries of “crooked election” last night, and about two illegitimate votes were tracked down. Both parties, however, are satisfied as to the fairness of the system, and all concerned enthusiastically approve the advent of the voting machine. At least now there can be no such thing as a recount . . . and the results of the election are ready a few minutes after the polls close. Now that the politics and electioneering passes out of the picture we hope that the successful candidates will begin taking over their jobs and will make good use of the extra time given them by the early elections. Getting a band will be the Prom committee’s main headache. They would do well to confer with members of last year’s committee in planning a method of attack to that problem. While Casting... . . their Prom and Gala Week votes in the Union yesterday, too many juniors and seniors thoughtlessly walked over the Memorial Cross inlaid in the floor. Nor is yesterday the only time in recent months that Purdue’s tradition of keeping the cross inviolate has been broken. The principle of not walking over this cross, however, rises far above the plane of mere tradition. It is a tangible, outward, and always apparent tribute for those to whom the building itself was dedicated. Originally, the cross was only a part of the Union lobby floor pattern. Soon it became a tradition not to walk over the cross in memory of the war dead, and it began to be called the Memorial Cross. This is not insipid sentimentality, but a real red-blooded tradition. “In order to establish a more permanent monument to patriotic service, the Purdue Memorial Union Building is dedicated as a perpetual memorial to those sons of our alma mater who, in the performance of the highest duty of citizenship and in devotion to lofty ideals, gave their lives in the service of their country.” These words on the bronze tablet above the
the Purdue Expouent Entered as second class at Jlie oflicd ill Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of MdtCh 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided tor in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail subscription $8.50. Editor-In-Chief. H. I, Stanback Business Manager JR. R. Hensler PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor li. S« Hardin City Editor D. A. Bailey Associate Editors.. G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A, Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. 0. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonini Circulation Manager . W. F. Berg Sales Manager . . _ V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager. W. E. Smith Art Director D. J. Henninger CO-ED STAPi’ Editor. - Sally McKea Associate Editors Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS,STAFF Editor. JB. L. McDonald Associate Editors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4005, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792 REPSEBBNTSD EOS NATIONAL ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. Chicago • Boston • Los ahgeles - Sah Frahcisco This newspaper is written, edited, ,and_ published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unfeigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Kroeplin Ifesue Editor—Howard Wednesday, December 14, 1938
K
collegiate
By Joy Johnson Statistics have it that 37 percent of the co-eds at Northwestern go barelegged to school. Statistics also say that zero percent of Vanderbilt co-eds go barelegged. Those gals are doomed to wear long stockings to class. The story goes like this: Dean sees too many bare legs, evidently not too pretty, and so she says no more ankle socks. Fraternity freshmen plead with the old gal in vain, then they try picketing. Dean still says no, so, no stockings it is. The Oklahoma Daily says fraternity finances not being all they should be at old Purdue, a movement has ai’isen to organize a cheap, reliable campus-sponsored auditingsystem. * * * A touching bit of devotion on the part of members of the Ohio State basketball team is going to cause opposing teams no end of trouble this season. They have introduced the streamlined cranium to the Big Ten conference. According to Jimmy Hull, forward, the boys are such good friends that they decided to have their hair cut alike. In fact, the more they look alike the better they like it and the less the opposing guards will enjoy playing them. ^ * Compulsory chapel attendance at Washington and Jefferson University gave a headache to at least one student. He went to a lot of trouble to make a protest, too. For once, we suppose, he didn’t cut so that he could enjoy the consternation when a cow was found tied to one of the seats, bearing the following inscription, “I don’t like religious chapel, and this is no bull.” ^ if if Scholarship is the major obliga'tion of a fraternity to a university, according to Fritz Niemeyer, past president of the National Interfraternity conference. He also says that hell week is a carry over ffom the days when fraternities were merely playboy institutions, and the practice is childish for any college orgltniipation. There, take that and like it!
AMCommiffeemen Farmers, Specialists Will Meet Here Today Indiana AAA committeemen. University agricultural extension specialists, and farm fieldmen will attend the “Showing of the 1938 Agricultural Conservation Program” here today and tomorrow. L. M. Vogler, state AAA chairman, yesterday announced plans to take the information to all Hoosier counties in a series of district meetings to be held next week. The meetings will be attended by county agricultural agents, county- AAA committeemen, and county office managers. The district meetings will be held as follows: December 19, Jasper and Osgood; December 20, Scottsburg Princeton, Martinsville, Muncie, and Frankfort; December 21, Sullivan, Rushville, Covington, and Monticello; December 22, Albion; December 23, Valparaiso and Huntington. ChristmasCarols Are Now Available To Organizations Fi-ee leaflets containing nine of the most familiar Chi-istmas carols are being made available to residence halls, fraternities, sororities, and any other organized groups. Campus musical organizations have supplemented the words with a small book of music for each of the carols. These songs have been compiled by A. P. Stewart and the committee on Convocation for Worship. All oi-ganizations desiring these books are asked to send a representativeto the Music Office, north door of Fowler Hall. They may secure as many as they need. The leaflets containing the words are frea, but a charge of 20 Cents is being jplaced on the booklets containihg the nitlsie.
and ^Jder
By Georgann Schilling
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liel%
cross precede the name of 67 men who died in action or in service during- the World War. Whatever modern Purdue youth may think about the necessity of the last war, about war profits for munitions makers and foreign investors, or about compulsory military training, the fact remains that these men gave their lives for what they believed to be the right. For this fact alone they will never be forgotten. It remains the work of every Purdue student to continue ta perpetuate the memory of these men throughout the year, by observing the most precious tradition we have on the campus.—D. G. T.
“Professor Quiz,” in the person of Mr. Kenn Carmichael, presided over the program of impersonations and musical selections at the Pi Kappa Alpha novelty “joe” dance last Saturday night. Such well known places as the Grill, Music Room, Library, Heavilon Hall, and the Chocolate Shop were included in the evening’s program. —H-H— Cary Hall West will entertain the Thetas at dinner this evening while the Cary Hall North lads play hosts to the Alpha Chis. The Kappas have planned a trade dinner with the Kappa Sigs, and the Alpha Xis and Alpha Gamma Rhos will dine together. _H-H— And still more dances are announced for this week-end! Pi Kappa Phi will feature a number of new recordings at their radio dance on Saturday night. The Phi Psis and Phi Gams are also planning to dance to radio music in their chapter houses that night. The annual Kappa Sig Christmas dance is set for Fi-iday of this week, too! —H-H— And here is a bit of verso written before the beauty contest and not at all appropriate for this campus: (blank verse? Yes, blank as hell quite.) Goons to the right of us - Goons to the left of us Goons in front of us Always the goons. The gum goons The salubrious, lugubrious, gum » goons.
Well, now that elections are over, rides and smiling faces will not be so plentiful, but rather will sink into the oblivion—or someplace down there. First results in the King and Queen contest show sottiething like this: In first place is WINNIE GREGORY leading by a hair—a blonde hair. Following closely is PARKER WYNN of the Kentucky WYNNS. Then comes the smiling personality of the Pi Phi house, PEGGY BOYCE. Leading for position of campus king is VINCE HRUBY, that ever smiliitg Union vice-prexy. Close behind are BILL HART and TED CABONARGI. Both the last two named are batting that erstwhile league, PEG DAVIS. We hope her nose will not go up higher because of the Results last Saturday night. Take it out of her, you two —if you can. Question?—What would the Thetas do without LOUISE SCHICKLER. She has certaihljr turned from an innocent engineer into a hardened politician. If HAL LOWNIE’S Saturday night date at the Chesterfield did not take her beer well, HAL must remember that after all she is just a LETA GOURLEY (pun) get it?
Say, AL STEWART, what is this about your glee club boys necking the chorus girls back stage at the Palmer House in Chicago the Other night? PAUL WORCESTER could probably tell us all about it. How was it, PAUL ? Then there’s the query we heard on the lips of several “stoodents” this week-end about what the Alpha Chis do with all the Christmas trees in their basement. What are you growing girls, scenery? HENRY CHAPP . . . . . . we wonder what KENN CARMICHAEL will do to you when he finds out about that date you made with MRS. KENN CARMICHAEL. PETER received this poem the other day. He hereby dedicated it to PEG LITTLE: AN ENGINEER’S DREAM Problems in math. Clutter my path. Problems in power I solve by the hour. But my courage fails. And I lower my sails For problems of gals With help from my pals, I cannot solve. To you I turn In order to learn The ins and outs
IMPROVE YOUR DANCING BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW BEGINNER’S CLASS Thurs., Dec. 15, 7:00 p. m. LATEST DANCES TAUGHT PHONE 2150 No Lessons During Holidays ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
The majority of the WfellbslOy College freshinen hhVd iiidichted that they ptfeteb hotiiehlkhihg as a chteer.
UIMKOU — LAST DAY—
Raming <tdveiiture!..GIorious Romance!
Tomorrow - Fri. - Sat. CONSTANCE BENNETT in “SERVICE dE Luxe” -with GHARLm RUGGLES MISCHA AVER
“Junior’s teacher said you should talk to him‘poor’ in conduct this month!”
-he got a
And whereabouts Of a woman’s heart And her ptime part In the downward way Of her masculine prey— The impeccable engineer. A lonesome road, A strong anode In the form of your lips, The current rises, resistance slips, I squeeze you tight, And I see the light— The color to go And lo! I’m a ruined engineer! Our lips part. A convulsive start We make to sigh, But being still nigh, We clinch once more And clear to the core, The impulse goes To the length of my toes— To hold that kiss forever. But this is a dream For the sudden stream Of tests and work And my failure to shirk Have caused a strain
— LAST DAY— imiUHNE
RICHARD GREENE • NANCY KELLY PRESTON FOSTER • GEORGE OANCROFT
Tomorrow - Friday BONITA GRANVILLE in “Nahcy Drew, Detective”
—TODAY— 10th AVENUE KID — with — >> BRUCE CABOT Beverly Roberts — Tommy Ryan
STARTS TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS james Oliver Clirwood's VirileRugged He Man Story of the Frozen North!
RICHARD ARLEN ^ , BEVERLY ROBERTS
— Plus — A Throbbing Drama of a Fighting Country Doctor! A MAN TO k^MlEMB^R — with — edltard EHIt —AHhb Shirf^y
Upon my brain. Bht I suddenly awake, _ And I see it’s a fake— And again I’m an engineer. —Longfellow Shockney. Dukes To Address Engineering Group Dean R. J. Dukes, of the Graduate School, will speak on the “History of Engineering Science” to members of engineering honoraries and societies tomorrow night at 7:30 in the tower room of the Union. Dean Duke’s lecture is the first of a series of technical lectures to be sponsored by the student engineering council and the Purdue Engineer. The lecture will be open to the public. Chi Epsilon, Eta Kappa Nu, Phi Lambda Upsilon, Pi Tau Sigma, Tau Beta Pi, AIME, AIChE, AIEE, ASCE, and ASME will be represented.
LU^ —LAST DAY— RANDOLPH SCOTT in “THE TEXANS” —AND— JANE WITHERS in “KEEP SMILING”
Thur. - Fri. - Sat. GENE AUTRY in “PRAIRIE MOOl^” — and — GLENDA FARRELL in “EXPOSED”
r## MAYNARD
_ wHh WtmdAp Hon#
JUNIOR COGHLAN AND BOVeCOUT TROOP K)7, ^ OP HOLLYWOOD
also
“PLASH GORDON’S TRIP TO MARS” SERIAL
THURS. — FRI. — SAT, BORliEIl G-MA^ HERE’S FLASH CASEY THE LONE RANGERp
. -.^. -,TV'- ' ' 'x, ■' ^/ • ' •- ' , / . " '• ' !
.. Jf
f §haHlA..
"Vix /,
1 Vi,”-.- -~4>- •'■ > ^"4*«'''> '
"jil
Wednesday. December 14. 1938
THE PURDHB
EXPONENT
Key Man...
Discussions, Pageant Will Be Featured In Fort Lauderdale Annual Aquacade ‘‘With the material available in the iSophomore class and with but one man of last year’s varsity lost through graduation, I think we should have one of the best track teams we have had in ten years,” commented Coach Herman Phillips last night at the initial meeting of the trackmen for the 1939 season. “Track is not easy; but as an amateur sport it supplies the maximum amount of enjoyment regardless of whether or not you obtain the goal for which you are striving,” he said:
Forums, demonstrations, contests and pageants will feature Fort Lauderdale’s Fourth Annual Aquacade Which is to be held from Decembej* 17 to January 2. Coaches and outstanding men and women in the aquatic field from all sections of the United States and several foreign countries will be present for the round table discussions
on pool subjects.
A pageant, “Peace Through Athletics” will be presented and will feature an East-West swimming meet. Contests will include a golf tournament, big game fishing contest, and a photographic competition. Swimming teams will constantly be working out in the spacious Fort Lauderdale/Casino pool. VarsitjP Representatives Thirteen swimmers and Coach L. W. LaBree wrll represent Purdue at the forum. Transportation and room expenses are provided by the Dolphin Club through proceeds of the water carnival. Other expenses are assumed by the team members. Seniors who will attend are W. D. Lahey, captain, L. E. Armstrong, captain of the water polo team, E. D. Carr, G. Tredwell, R. W. Rohrabaugh, and G. Craig. Juniors going are J. U. Graham, C. J. Fahrner, G. A. Wildhack, R. Obenchain, and L. E. Freyman. Two sophomores, F. H. Mott and A. W. Risser, also will attend.
Bid Bandwagon
. . . Charles “Buckey” Buchholz, co- • captain for the Detroit five who will apply his ball feeding ability in an attempt to gain revenge for last year’s defeat by the Boilermakers.
Frosh Track...
Most major national sororities engage in some sort of philanthropic work among the poor and under-
privileged.
. . . men will meet in the Fieldhouse in room 107 next Monday afternoon at 6 o’clock, according to freshman track Coach Wilkening.
A mural depicting the early use of anesthesia has been hung in the New York University college of dentistry.
With the beginning of the basketball season at the University of Michigan comes also the hockey, wrestling and swimming seasons. The Wolverines are rated as the team to beat again this year when it comes to swimming, while the hockey and wrestling teams have been greatly changed through graduation. The swimming team has won nine national and nine Big Ten titles in the last 12 years. —B-T-B— Coach Bud Foster of Wisconsin claims that he has the best defensive team since his champions of 1934-35. The Badger fans were tickled with the showing of the Cardinals against Marquette 10 days ago when the favored Hilltoppers fell to a one-point defeat. Foster was the only one who was not surprised at the outcome. -B-T-B— Bob “Spanky” Haak, Indiana University wrestling and football star will not be eligible for the mat season as he will play in one of the bowl games January 2, thus being lifted out of the amateur ranks. —B-T-B— You can look for the Young in the Big Ten basketball box scores for the next three years. Jack, a brother of Purdue’s star forward of the last three years, Jewell. Jack is one of the outstanding sophomores on the Minnesota squad. —B-T-B— The Gophers will be after their eleventh straight conference basketball victory when they open the Big Ten season next January. They suffered two consecutive defeats at the start of the 1938 season, then came back to win 10 in a row.
dWiSALE
lOEBSHENE COMPANY
100 Glamorous New Formals and Dinner Gowns
• Chiffons • Nets • Taffetas
At This Price You Can iBuy Two For Dresses You Would Normally Expect to Fay $22.50 to $35.00 A fortunate purchase fenables us to offer these glamorous new dresses to you at tremendous savings . . . just in time for holiday affairs. • Moires ! • Jacket Dresses • Satins • Hoop Skirts • Strapless Styles • The New Can-Cans White, Black and All Pastel Shades
We cannot over-emphasize the splendid values featured in this special price group at this time of the season. So smart are the styles ... so handsome the individual garments dnd so timely this sale that you are wise buying several dresses at this special price— $ 1 l.OO. —the Most glaMorous iift you could give her! LOEB'S SEdOR& PLOOk FASHIONS
v«»t,wiesiien Fraternity Swimmen To To Facekon9First ^ . ■ a i . YearMenMy <ompete In Annual Meet
Varsity wrestlers will attempt to stop the tough freshman squad when they meet Saturday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Fieldhouse. Only three veterans, Berkheiser, and' Gossard, seniors, and Willey, a junior, are on the varsity at the present time, the rest of the squad being composed of sophomores. In the all-campus wrestling tournament last week freshmen won five of the nine titles, and all five winners will defend their titles Saturday. These fi-eshmen are: Fultz, 121 pounds; Roche, 128; Fredericks, 136; Malmquist, 145; and Ruggieri, heavyweight. A1 Rossi and Post, sophomores, are the other two winners in the tournament who will appear in the ring Saturday. The meet will be held under the new Big Ten ruling which raised the weights of the two lowest classes from 118 and 126 pounds to 121 and 12S pounds, respectively. Riveter Fencing Squad Loses To Chanute, III. Aviation Training Corps After emerging on the short end of a 9-8 score against a strong Chanute Aviation Corps fencing team Saturday, the Riveter fencing team is working overtime this week in preparation for future meets with Notre Dame and several Big Ten schools. The meet was a close contest throughout, with the Illinois team emerging victorious in the final matches.’'It wds the same score by which the school defeated the Purdue squad last year. Purdue fencers will have a chance to even the count against the victors in a return meet at West Lafayette, the date of which is still tentative. Finney Pleased Coach R. V.^ Finney was well pleased with the team’s able performance. “Several new men received valuable experience from the meet,” he said. “This competitive experience should prove extremely helpful in our future meets.” In Saturday’s match with Chanute Field, which the Boilermakers lost by the close score of 9-8, Hoffman and Meyerson each won two and lost one individual match in the foils division while Senk lost three. In the epee Meier won two matches and Levin broke even in his two clashes. Stepath won one and lost one saber tilt and Schmidt was defeated in both of his encounters.
Competing for individual and team honors, Greek swimmers will participate in the annual fraternity swimming meej; today and tomorrow, with the first event for each day starting at 4:10 p. m. The medley relay, 50 yard free style, 100 yard breast stroke, and 100 yard free style events will be run off this afternoon, while the 150 yard back stroke, fancy diving, 200 yard free style, and the 200 yard free style relay are scheduled for tomorrow.
With an intramural manager taking the time for each individual competitor, places in the separate events will be decided by heat times only. No finals will be run oiF. Entries may be changed during the meet. Only two men from each fraternity may enter in any single event, while each man is limited to three events including the relays.
Team Awards
Team competition will be decided on the basis of five points for a first place, three for second, two for third, and one for fourth. Thirty participation points will be awarded to the winning team, twenty-seven to the runner-up, and twenty-five to any fraternity entering one or more men in the meet. A cup and medals will be awarded to the victorious team. Varsity Swimming Coach Larry LaBree has posted a list of swimmers who are ineligible for intramural competition on the intramural bulletin board. Fancy divers will be required to exhibit four regular dives: front, back, front jack-knife, back jackknife, and four optional dives. In the medley relay three separate men will swim 60 yards of back stroke, breast stroke, and crawl. Four men will each swim 50 yards crawling the ^00 yard relay.
Close Last Year
Last year’s meet was well contested, with three teams competing neck and neck until the winner was decided in the next to last event. The Theta Chis nosed out the Kappa Sigs to win by only a few points, with the Betas a close third. This year’s meet promises to be equally as close with several teams bolstered by exceptionally good fresh-
man material.
Campus Pugilists To Vie For Golden Glove Positions Tomorrow Final bputs for the selection of the men who will represent Purdue in the Golden Gloves Tournament will be determined Friday evening at 7:30 in the Fieldhouse when the pugilists fight it out for their respective positions. Bouts which have been scheduled for this final night are: Grubbs vs. Fultz in the 112 pound division; Threlfall vs. Slate at 118; Murphy vs. Jones at 126, with the winner to oppose Hardesty for the Golden Gloves position; and Marson vs. Pyle at 135. ^ Keller vs. Keffaber and Bradley vs. Youkey at 147, with the winners of the two bouts to compete in the finals for the Golden Gloves position; Dilts vs. Bacharach at 160; at 175, Lord meets Diamond while Lyles opposes Freeman, the winner of these two bouts to meet in the finals of this position for the Golden Gloves place; and in the heavyweight division Pence will exchange blows with Jockewicz. Passports will admit students, while the price for adults has been set at 25 cents. Forestry Sharpshooters Begin Pradice For Rifle Match With Louisiana State Purdue foresters began their opening practice Monday night for a shooting match with the LSU forestry club team. The Louisiana nimrods challenged the Boilermaker forestry club by letter and the club
accepted.
Preparations for the match began last Monday at the Fieldhouse rifle range where several members showed their proficiency in sharpshooting. The team members are confident and expect to give the Louisiana State target men a good
battle.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. HAST SIDE OF SQUARE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
Frosh Swimmers To Meet Varsity In Meet Tuesday Varsity and freshman swimmers will attempt to down each other next Tuesday at 4 p. m. in the annual swimming meet. Records of the eight events will be kept for the first time, this year. The varsity team, led by Captain Lahey will have the edge because of past experience, while the freshman squad will be competing as a squad for the first time, but the frosh coach, Floyd R. Eastwood, is confident that his charges will put on a good showing.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelers
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. 6. REISNER
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but We do it well, dppiosite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
• Professional
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D.D.S. HAROLP J. RISK—D.D.S. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S. Schultz Building 4h and Main l^ona 5701
• Florists
• Photography
ROTH florist 63S Main Street Phortes 7955—8050
Make yOur Christfnas Gifti li^tiohal. Give Portraits. Special Prices. Scobee't Rembrandt Studio 10S VIIM St.. W. UfsyeHe, lad.
SBiHSI'- feil If’
'Tiny'Hill To Swing At Foresters Dance “Tiny” Hill and liis orchestra Avill play Friday evening, January 13, for the second annual Foresters Ball sponsored by Xi Sigma Pi, national Forestry Honorary, and the Forestry Club. Tickets for the dance are priced at $1 and went on sale yesterday until a week after vacation at the Union desk, Deac’s, Southworths, and Kienly’s drug store. Dance proceeds will go to the student loan fund started last year with the first Forester’s, Ball. A comp will be given to the person submitting the best plan for a backdi'op. Anyone interested should contact T. B. Glazebrook at 3301. Union Vice-President TalksToWSGACouncil Mary McClelland,. Union vicepresident, gave a talk on the activities of committees and the work of the Union vice-presidents at the WSGA House Pi-esidents Council meeting yesterday afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Union Building. A committee consisting of Mary Agnes Kelsey, Joan Yeager, Anne Gauger, and Elizabeth Jane Doty, was chosen to woi’k with the Purdue Ward Association in planning social activities for the remainder of the year. The Purdue Ward Association will sponsor a tea dance next Tuesday, December 20, at four p. m., in the Union ballroom. The council also inspected the Union workshop following the talk. There will be no meeting next week. ROTC Swimming Finalists To Vie For Corps Honors Swimming finalists in the four ROTC regijuents will meet tomorrow evening in the Fieldhouse to determine individual aquatic stars of the corps. First event, at 7 p. m. wdll be diving, followed by swimming races consisting of the 50 yard free style, and 100 yard races in the back, free and breast strokes, a 200 yard free style, and a I'elay.
WIRE To Broadcast Basketball Scores Every Friday Night Radio station WIRE, Indianapolis, will broadcast outstanding high school and college basketball scores Friday night at 10:30 p. m., and every following Friday dui’ing the cage season. These broadcasts will include the scores of all outstanding contests, league standings, and comparative records of the leading teams. Morris Hicks, popular. WIRE street reporter announcer, will handle the broadcast and furnish background. Other features of this new series will be the inclusion of reviews of outstanding teams, and occasional interviews with coaches, officials, and players. Murphy Will AddressGift Book Meeting One answer to the perennial question of what to give the folks back home for Christmas will be presented tomorrow in the Browsing Room when good gift books will be discussed informally. The meeting will be open to all students and members of the faculty, and will start at 4:30. Mimeographed lists of suggested books for every member of the family will be handed out. Prof. Charles Murphy of the histoi’y department will review a popular book, and an informal discussion of good books for students having leisure time during the holidays will follow. Students will be invited to discuss the Browsing Room and its. books. Suggestions will be made for further additions to its shelves.
Bridge Tournament To Open Thursday Tomorrow will mark the opening of a series of duplicate contract bridge tournaments, sponsored by Student Union. Beginning at 7 p. m., the tournament will be in the faculty lounge. Sixteen couples have already applied for admission to the tournament, the maximum number allowed being 32 couples. Application may be made at the west Union desk and must be in by noon today. Julius T. Born, who conducted last ' year’s, campus tournament, will be in charge of the contest. Purpose of the tournament is to acquaint the players with the procedure of a contract bridge tournament before the championship tournament, which will be held immediately following the first of the year. Elliotts' Honored At Banquet In Manila President E. C. Elliott and Mrs. Elliott who are at Manila, P. I., where Dr. Elliott is serving as the principal advisor to the board of regents of Philippine University, were honor guests at a special banquet given by Pui'due alumni on the island, according to the newspaper clippings received by friends of the Elliotts recently. The clipping also said that Dr. and Mrs. Elliott attended various official functions given by High Commissioner Paul V. McNutt, and President Manuel Quezon, with many others.
Holf Paintings Placed On Exhibit In Union, To Remain UntiiHext Year An exhibit of paintings by John T. Nolf are now on exhibit in the music room of the Union Building. This display will be open to the public until the first of the year. The artist, John T. Nolf, was born in Allentown, Pa. He studied at the Art Institute of Chicago and was a pupil of several well-known artists, including Frances Smith, Wellington Reynolds, John Wanderpoel, and Walter Ufer. Nolf is a member of several art associations and leagues, and has won numerous awards on his works. Officers Get Gifts At Cadet Luncheon Marked by the appearance of a Santa Claus who saluted as he gave Christmas presents to military department faculty members, the last cadet officers’ luncheon of the semester was held yesterday noon in the Memorial Union ballroom. Two hundred advanced course students attended the dinner. Cadet Major Wayne Hostetler, playing the part of Santa, entered the ballroom through a fireplace set on the stage and presented the
officers with gifts. Col. D. M. Beere and Captains Larr and Wiselogel, newcomers to the University, received freshman pots, while other officers were also presented with “appropriate” gifts.
Cosmopolitan Convention Dinner: Dinner will be held Sunday, December 18, at 6:80 p. m. Faculty, townspeople, and students are invited. Tickets cost 76c. All reservation's must be sent to Prof. Baldwin by Saturday noon, December 17. —AYASUN.
Notitfes
Cheerleaders: Following will report to the Tumbling room in the Fieldhouse-Gym ■Wednesday, December 14, at 4 p. m. ready for practice: B. Cook, M. Mather, M. Moore, Dunshee, Alexander, Goll, Campbell, Blocker, DeGarmo, Heckman, and Delmar. —MEIER.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting for selection of pledges Wednesday, December 14, at 9 p. m. in room A of the Union. All members be present. —STRADLING.
All Students Living on Rural Routes and in Lafayette: Please, call for your activities charts- any afternoon, except Saturday or Sunday, between 2-6:30 p. m. Bring your passports or schedule card. All charts must be called for before Wednesday, December 21. —SMITH.
Purdue Engineer: Following men please report to Felix in Engineer office at 4 p. m. Wednesday, December 14: Worthington, Gale, Leckie, McElroy, Shooter, Hawkins, Fox, Jones. . ' , .—SQUIRES. Fraternity Bowling: Beta Sigma Psi vs. Delta Tau Delta at 7 p. m.; and Sigma Nu vs. Delta Upsilon at 9 p. m.. Thursday, December 15. , i. —WILLIAMSON. , Modern Dance: All members of the Advanced modern dance group must be present at the meeting Wednesday, December 14, at 4 p. m. —SICKMAN.
Purdue Flying Club: Important meeting Thursday, December 16, at 7 p. m. in room P of the Union. Officers to be nominated and air meet results to be announced. —CHEVEDDEN.
WAA Riflery: Groups formerly scheduled to shoot on 'Wednesday and Thursday will shoot on Thursday, December 16. Come at usual time. Former schedule will be resumed after this week. —SMITH.
Activities Bureau : All members of sophomore Activities Bureau’s committees report to me at 4 p. m. today, December 14, in the Activities Bureau office. Important. —BREUER. ,
Riflery: Groups tormerly scheduled to shoot on Monday and Tuesday will shoot Tuesday, December 13. Groups formerly scheduled to shoot on Wednesday and Thursday will shoot Thursday, December 16. Forme.r schedules will be resumed after this week. tr-SMTFH.
Marionette Club Workers: Anyone interested in working in the Marionette Club see me Tuesday, December 19, in the Union workshop. ' —GRIER.
Varsity Pistol: Tryouts for varsity pistol team will be held on Wednesday, December 14, at 4 p. m. in the Armory. —HOLMES.
Cosmopolitan Club Convention Committees: Meet in room 214, University Hall, at 4 p. m. every day until Saturday, December 17. All committeemen must be present. —AYASUN.
Chemistry 1 and 2 Students: Examinations for the removal of C grades will be held Saturday, January 14 from 1 to 4 p. m. Applications must Be made before January 12, in room 103 of the Chemistry Laboratory Annex. Fees must be imid before examinations are taken. —MARTIN, TEST, ALLEN.
Playshop Stage Crew: Will all members of the stage crew for Dracula please report to Fowler Hall Wednesday, December 14, at 4 p. m. Important. ■ —BRENMAN.
Modem Dance Groups: Practice of both advance and beginning groups every Monday, Wednesday, and Friday until Wednes- , day, December 21, in the Women’s Gym at 4 p. m. —NEWMAN.
Roger Williams Club: Cabinet meeting at 4 :30 p. m. Wednesday, December 14. Business meeting followed by supper at 6:46 p. m. —NELSON.
ASME Members: Meeting in the tower room of the Union at 7:30 p. m. December 16. Dean Dukes will be the principal speaker. —CLUTTER.
A $6,000,000 expansion program has been announced by Cornell University authorities.
One-quarter of the Princeton University freshmen are more than six feet tall.
DON'T FORGET We have just- the type of Christmas Decorations You Need We Carry Dance Wax Edgerton Hardware 321 State Street
You Want
Every minute of Mother’s time during the so-short Holiday period. Don’t take your soiled clothes home to break into it. Send them to us. It’s economy and will help you all to have a good time. Do It NOW. West Side Office—132 Vine Street
RICHARD J. BATH, Jeweler
WE BLEW A FROHT TIRE AND TUBE AT 60! But, In a public test, the new Hudson 112 stayed straight on its course—safely (without using special tires, tubes or equipment)! Why? Thanks to AUTO-POISE CONTOOI^ revolutionary mechanical safety invention that keeps wheels on theit true course automatically -on rough roads, in heavy side winds, even when a tire blows. NO OTHER CAR HAS ANYTHING LIKE IT. Auto-Poise is standard, at no extra cost, on the new Hudson 112-one of America’s lowest priced cars.
WE DISCONNECTED HYDRAULICS AT 40! in the same public test, hydraulic brakes were suddenly disconnected, but the driver just pushed the same foot pedol ond the new Hudson 112 STOPPED—safely! Why? Thanks to Hudson’s exclusive DOUBLESAFE BRAKES-/«'© braking systems (finest Bendix Hydraulics and a mechanical reserve system) working automatically from the wwa foot pedal. Many letters in our files tell of hves saved by Double-Safe Brakes-in all 193J Hudsons.
EVERY HUDSON PRICE BUYS A COMPLETE CAR and up for 86 H. P. Hudson 112 Do Lux*. $823 and up for Hudson Six—96 H. P.,118-in. Mm W. B.; $919 and up for Country Club models Mr TH -101 and 122 H. P., 122 and 129-in. W. B. Prices delivered in Detroit, equipped to drive; including Federal taxes, not including state and local taxes, if any. For delivered prices inyourlocalityseeyour Hudson dealer. Attractively low time payment terms, with new Hudson-C, I. T. Plan.
mm 112 ALSO HUDSON SIX AND HUDSON COUNTRY CLUB SIX AND EIGHT
FEASTER MOTOR CO. 919 MAIN STREET LAFAYETTE, INDIANA