’iidx. . .A, , ./H '
|||<TI
^ SPOKTS EDITOR Jells How New Football, Rules Will Aid Riveters
Established 1889
xpj[ine4ii f Sock Osaka
PENAUY DAY Conditions Will Not Be In Effect Saturday
Volume 53# No. 195
West Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, May 27, 1$42
Group Of 200 Seamen Campus Activity To Cease During
Will Arrive Tomorrow; Classes To Begin Monday
Observance Of Memorial Day
Sailors Will Carry 28 Hours Of Lab, Lectures Two hundred sailors, comprising the first group to be assigned fdr training at the University since World War I, will arrive on the campus tomorrow to begin their study. The new company of seamen will be undsr the command of Lt. Cbmm^inder K. H. NonwCiler, who ^ an’ived with a complete ship’s company, to make the preliminary arrangements before the sailors moved into Cary Hall West. Tomorrow through Sunday will be used for the orieiitation of the seamen to their new duties with actual classwork for the first group to begin next Monday morning at 8. These sailors will remain on the campus for the completion of their 16 weeks’ training in electrical theory, mathematics, electrical laboratory, tool laboratory, and wiring labora,Lory. The total time spent in lecture and laboratories , from Monday through Thursday will be 28 hours, with the examinations being held on Friday of each week. After the seamen have completed their full IG weeks’ training they will be assigned to active duty as radiomen, electricians, and machinist’s mates in various branches of the service. In gdUition to the present ship’s company containing a Chief Boatswain Mate, Chief Yoeman, Coxwain, Chief Storekeeper, first class, and Storekeeper, third class, the administrative cpmpany will increase until a total of 46 is cveptually reached,, An additional group of 200 seamen will arrive each month until the final quota of 800 is reached. Since one group of 200 will leave the fii'st of each month, another 200 Sailors will come in keeping the number at the Universit.y constant. Screen Review Continues Tomorrow Screen Review, the regular Thursday' afternoon series of movie short presentations, will show tomorrow afternoon in the Hall of Music from 3 till 6. The program will include; “News of the Day,’’ at 3:48 and 4:54; the sportscopc “Dog Obedience’’ at 3:67 and 6:03; “Soldiers of the Sky,’’ a newsreel at 3, 4:06, and 6:12. Robert Benchlcy in “Crime Control” will be presented at 3:10, 4:16 and 6:22; “Triumph Without D'rums” at 3:20, 4:26 and 6:32; “Melodies That Linger,” a community sing at 3:30, 4:36 an.d 6:42; and “Nifty Nineties,” a Disney cartoon at 3:40, 4:46,and 6:62. Passports are absolutely necessary for admission.
Glee Club Leaves Tomorrow To Sing In Carnegie Hall For National Title
By Bill Fawcett A delegation of townsfolk and students is expected to be on hand tomorrow afternoon at 12:46 when A1 Stewart’s “Singing Boiler’inakers” board the train bound for New York City where they will sing in the finals of the Fred Waring National Glee Club contest Sunday afternoon. The demonstration has been prepared by the Lafayette Rotary Club and will include songs and yells that comprise a send-off for any national competitor. Members of the Chamber of Commerce will also be on hand along with students to encourage the singers “to bring home the bacon” when they return Tuesday afternoon. Group Sings Sunday Climaxes of the trip will be two concerts—one Saturday night by Dartmouth, Washington and Lee, Elmhurst, and Oklahoma, and the other Sunday afternoon by Redlands, Rochester, Purdue, and Duke. Following the Sunday concert a ban-
quet will be held at which the National winner will be announced over Columbia Network at 10:30 p.m. CWT. The University of Oklahoma and the University are the only tWo of the eight that are state schools, and Elmhurst and Redlands are Church colleges supported by Evangelical and Baptist churches, respectively. Washington and Lee, at Lexington, Vii’ginia, is the bldest, having been founded in 1749. Dartmouth is next oldest (1769) and Redlands (1907) the youngest and smallest with an enrollment of only 700. Smith, Silvers, Richards Soloists The program which the “Singing Boilermakers” will present includes “Star of Me”; “White Cliffs Of Dover,” featuring Mai'vin Smith as tenor soloist; “Battle of Jericho,” Jack Silvers, soloist; “De Animals A-comin’”; “You and I”; the ever popular “Old Man River,” with Joe Richards singing the bass solo; and “Thanks Be To God.”
Hertha Glaz, Viennese Contralto Will Sing In Music Hall Sunday Third in the summer series of convocations will bepresented next Sunday at 3 in the Music -Hall and will feature' Hertha Glaz and the sixteen piece Saint Louis Sinfonietta in a program of concert music. The Sinfonietta is under the direction of Paul Schreiber with contralto, Hertha Glaz, as soloist.
Glaz Born In Vienna
Hertha Glaz was born in Vienna where she attended the State Academy of Music. She made her debut at the age of — ^^ eighteen at the State Opera in
Breslau where she remained
for two seasons.
Miss Glaz'then made a tour through Austria, Sweden, Czechslovaki and Russia and in 1935 was leading contralto at the Glyndeboume
Freshman Discloses How New Life Engulfs Him In Whirlwind
By Barbara Smith By hi.s little green hat and respectful somewhat timid attitude, it was obvious that the boy who stood in the professor’s door was a f^esh— man. He removed his hat, took the chair which was offered him and settled down for his interview. Still In Mad Whirlwind At first he had no questions, for he was still enveloped in the mad whirlpool into which he had been thrown when he stepped through the portals of higher learning at the University. He was one of the members of a class who had finished their last semester early at Central High School in South Bend, Indiana, in order to join the new speed-up prograni'of the Uuivei’sity. Out of a class of five hundred he had sifted down to West Lafayette in order to Ijecomc a Chemical Engineer sometime in ’46 or ’46. Dream Comes Nearer Reality Ho had always had the dreani of becoming an engineer, a fact which in itself is not unusual. His. dream
however, had been promised realization when the results of a vocational aptitude test which all high jBchoaLBaaiaES-iiake now, pointed toward engineering. As a result of all this he was here, fired with ambition arid promising to be a very se-rious-minded student. As the interview continued, he opened lip more, gradually revealing his likes, dislikes, and ambitions. With much enthusiasm he told how good the food is at Cary Hall and about the many facilities which the hall offers. One of the facilities which he enjoyed most was the mu-, sic room with its library pf records. On Friday night he was going to attend his first convocation. On Sunday he was going to the University Presbyterian Church just around the corner. . He’ll Be Back After several questions concerning the advisability of joining a fraternity, he went away, promising however, to come back whenever he needed advice.
AlChE Will Hold Meeting Thursday American Institute of Chemical Engineers will hold its first meeting of the summer term Thursday, June 4, at 7:30 p. m. in rooms 366363 of the Union. It will be a “meet the faculty” smoker to which all Chemical Engineers ai-e invited. Refreshments will be served.
Irv Given's Band To Play For Union Mixer Friday Night Featuring Irv Given’s band, the regular weekly mixer sponsored by the Student Union will be held from 8:30 to 11:30 Friday night in the north ballroom. The backdrop is a tropical scene. The price will be the regular $1.10 ])er couple.
University Power Plant Initiates New Water Cooling Condensers
By Dale Butz Students continue to be inquisitive about the new structure being erected in rear of the Service and Stores building and this curiousness was intensified last Friday and Saturday w-hen the Power Plant blew off largo quantities of steam through the ventilator on the roof. Steam Released During Change ' The new building'is a water cooling tower which has replaced the old aeration system which has lieen used during recent years ifiid the steam w-as released during the change over to the new system. Before describing the biiilding it might.be well to examine the need and use of the water cooling system. Steam is generated in the Boilers of the Power plant and is fed under pressure into the turbines which generate the electricity for the University. After passing through the turbines the steam is greatly reduced in pressure and must be changed to water before it is returned to the boiler. Water Keeps Condenser Cool To accomplish this change of steam to water, the steam is passed over a condenser which is kept cool by running water, ’fhe .water in the condenser must also be cooled in order that it may be cool enough to liquify the steam. To accomplish this cooling of the
' water in the condenser the water is aerated in the pool back of the Service and Stores building. 'riie building which has been erected resembles a barn and is constructed entirely of California redwood. The base is 64 feet by 32 feet and it is 30 feet high. The water from the condenser is pumped to the top of the building and cascades down over a scries of baffles to the bottom of the building. The baffles break the water up in much the same manner as the spray used to operate. Three large fans at the top of the building suck air up through the tower and the air going up helps cool the water coming down. System Costs $26,000 The building was started about the first of January and the system was switched over and put in operation last Saturday. The new system cost approximately $26,000 and has a capacity of 43,600 gaU Ions per minute. The increased capacity is one of the big advantages over the old spray system. In the winter time most of the steam does not go through the condenser, but is condensed as it heats the buildings on the campus. During the summer, however, the buildings do not need to be heated and the cooling tower is used to keep the water and condensers cool and thus insure more efficient operation of the power plant.
OEM Photographers
Film University
War-Time Activities
By Frank J. Vegh i
Many students may have noticed a group of men with camera outfits going around the campus taking pictures of various activities, but few have realized that it amounted to official business. Started At Airport Monday At the beginning of this week, the unit from the office of Emergency Management arrived on the campus to film war-time Campus activities. The group is headed by Francis Lyon, director, with Alden Stevens acting as production manager and LouisiTaijiola in the position of cameraman. The rest of the unit is made up of an assistant cameraman, a lightman and his
helper.
The group started Monday by first taking - pictures of- the- GPT training out at the airport. At this time Captain Aretz, director of the airport, took the cameraman up to take some aerial photographs of the airpoi't and campus. Yesterday morning the unit took pictures of the military drills in the armory, along with shots of the students with French 76 mm. guns and 156 mm. howitzers. Battery Commander’s telescope and the range finders.- The photographers next visited the 'WBAA studios where they recorded scenes of a Round Table Discussion program with Dr. F. C. Hockema, Dean W. A. Knapp, Larry Myers, and Becky Ann Pervine, participating. Photograph Shop Activities Yesterday afternoon the unit visited Michael Golden Shops where they took pictures of class rooms, lab equipment, and students operating the various machines in the shop. These pictures took quite a bit of time in filming since great care was taken to adjust the lighting system. The light crew would spend as much time as an hour to take a shot that would last only a few seconds. If the weather permits today, the unit will take some shots of the University farms and other outdoor shots. Either today or tomorrow they will photograph Physical Preparedness classes. Will Be Shown In 'I’heatres The pictures that are taken here with pictures of five or six other colleges and universities have as their theme “Contributions of the Country’s Colleges'and Universities Toward the War Effort.” These pictures will, be released sometime in the future to over 16,000 movie
houses.
Ideal Beach Will Open
Opera Festival in England. Miss Glaz made her first appearance in the United States with the Los An-
Hertha Glaz
Saturday
Ideal Beach resort, Shaefer Lake vacation and amusement spot, will open for the summer season Saturday, featuring Bud Roderick and his orchestra to play for dancing each evening and Sunday afternoon. A new picnic ground has recently been added to the resort. Tables may be reserved free for group picnics and reunions. In addition to dancing, swimming, boating, other amusement facilities are available. A special matinee dance will be held Saturday afternoon as part of the opening Decoration Day festivities.
geles Philharmonic Orchestra in a performance of Mahler’s “Lied von der Erde.” As leading contralto of the Salzburg Opera Guild she toured the United States and Canada, singing in more than eighty cities. Soloist In “The Biassed Damozel” In 1939 Toscanini selected her as soloist for a performance of Debussy’s “The Blessed Damozel.” She has appeared with the Indianapolis Symphony under Fabien Sevitsky, with the Toronto Symphony under’ Reginald Stewart, in the Wagnerian operas with Kirsten Flagstad at the Chicago and San Francisco Opera houses, and with the Orchestra of the New Friends of Music under Fritz Stiedry. Reception Following Concert F'ollowing the convocation there will be a reception for Miss Glaz in the West Faculty Lounge of the Union. Everyone is invited and this will give the students, townspeople and faculty a chance to meet Miss Glaz and learn something about
her.
Gold Peppers To Act As Water 'Boys' In Senior Day Game Gold Peppers will act as a water boys at the senior-faculty baseball game on senior day. The game Will be played on the varsity ball field and will start at 2 a. m. immediately following the senior parade. The senior parade will form at 1:15 p. m. in front of John Purdue’s grave and from there march to the ball field. Recommendations for the senior ball team should be made before Saturday and should be placed in the Exponent news box at the west desk of the Union. The team will be selected by the senior board of the Senate and the Student War Council. This selection will be made the first part of the week of the game. The seniors will be opposed by a group of the faculty under the leadership of “Red” Mackey.
Cadets To Fire 21 Gun Salute; University Will Not Dismiss Classes A short commemorative program in the Great Hall of the Union following a brief pause in the activities of all departments of the University during the firing of a salute will coaistitute the University’s observance of Memorial Day. According to President Elliott classes will not be dismissed for the program. All staff members and students not having classes are invited to attend the program. The program will begin with the firing of a twenty-^one gun salute at 11 a.m. by the Purdue Order of Military Merit and Scabbard and Blade and the sounding of taps. President B. C. Elliott will give a Memorial Day address of between 8 and 10 minutes in length following Which Dean E. I. Goldsmith will read the necrology. A sqbad of cadet officers from Purdue Order of Military Merit and Scabbard and Blade will place wreaths on the Memorial Tablet in the Union and on the grave of John Purdue the University’s chief benefactor. The program in the Great Hall will be brought to a close by the sounding of recall on a bugle. Students, staff members and all University employees not participating in the exefcfses in the Union if in class, office, laboratory Ur on the campus are requested to pause and stand in silence during the firing of the salute. Watchmen will be stationed at all entrances of the campus to prevent traffic from moving during the firing of the salute. • Activities of the Union will be suspended during the program in the Great Hall. All attending the program should be in the Union by 10:50 a.m. as no one will be aditted after 10:55 a.m. The entire program will be broadcast by 'WBAA. Military Gadgets Adorn Campus Coeds; Serve As Reminders Of Boys In Khaki
By Emily Caster
She wears his pin—^and all the military adornment that she can collect! Across the campus every day struts an ever increasing parade of crossed cannons, wings. University crests, and numerous decorations of brass. Some are tamisKeiff'Wy sentiment and some arc'shiny with new pride. Some corrie frofii fathers, uncles, brothers— —-—-—^——L.—- - . still more, from sweethearts ferent emblems on one coat as they in the service-^the majority, possibly can. Some of our most dis- ~ 1 1 4. 1 Crete coeds truthfully believe that from our local talent attractive lajei piM. Have you wonderod why our ^hey explain their interest with, coeds have become such ROTC think they’re pretty.’ addicts and whence their dec- “He Has Corps Day Today” orations have come ? As some girl pins on a second .,,, 1 . • 1 4.1. „ „ lieutenant’s bar she dreams\of the Although to some girls the wear- , , ...... , . day she can visit him in camp. As ing of the cannons is purely due to another coed put two gilded crossed fad and fancy, many wear them be- cannons on her coat she thinks, “He cause of loyalty and pride. Many has corps day today.” daughters pompously display the There is the parade of gilt and emblems which indicate the branch- brass, boys. These coeds are all miles of sei-vice in which their fathers itary minded whether it be for gliserved during the last world war. mour, glory, or love. Now you can A few girls wear them with a sense decide which girl should wear yottr of giddiness and put as many dif- emblem—your love or your pride. Publications Issue Freshman Callouts
Exponent
Debris
Phi Kappa
4 . . social fraternity, annonces the election of the following people: Ed Johnstone, Vice President; Dean Bouton and Bob Gallogly, CoRush Chairmen,
Editorial, coed and sports staffs of the Exponent will hold a callout for freshman workers Friday at 4:16 p.m. in the Exponent offices in the sub-basement of the Union. Work on the three staffs, which are in charge of writing and preparing the copy for each edition, will be explained by junior editors and the senior staff members, and the schedule of training for new workers set up. A sense of resifijnsibility, a willingness to learn and a sense of hu'mor are the attributes needed in prospective editors, according to staff members. Radio Club Meets Tonight At 7:30 First meeting of the University Radio Club for the present semester will be- held in room 5 of the EE building at 7:30 tonight. Harry Evans of the state police station WROR is the main speaker. One of the special features Evans will discuss is the new frequencymodulated units that are being installed at the present time in state police curs. At this ineeting arrangements will be made for code practice classes. All those who are interested in increasing their speed are asked to attend the meeting. After the business, refreshments of ice cream and soda pop will be
served.
Debris editorial staff will conduct a callout for freshman eds and <Sp^ eds Friday at 4:15 p.m. in the De^ hris editorial office in the UniUn. Dick Ball, editor, will be on hand to describe the ■woi’k of freshmen working on the yearbook. Freshmen on Debris work afternoons after 4 p.m. writing copy, checking files and handling other routine work in connection with preparing the annual for publication. No special qualifications are needed beyond interest in the book, willingnesi^ to work and alertness, for ideas, according to Ball. WBAA To Broadcast Major indors Letters From Kabul Today Excerpts fiom the letters of Bfajoi’: Gordon Enders, who is how ^ United States Military Attache to Kabul. Afghanistan, will be presented by Mrs. Enders in two programs to be given at 2:30 p.m. today and tomoiTow over WBAA. Major Enders was formerly a member of the University staff which time he delivered lectures oyer WBAA and was author of the book, ‘IForeign Devil,” whieh Wfa
recently published.
Student Union . . . will sponsor a piqnic for m workers, vice presidents, and senior board members tomorrow noon at the grounds in back stadium. The group ufitl meet the Union office at 4:3ii.f v^'**‘ '5® „
■H Page 2
Exponent Editorial Page
Wednesday, May 27, 1942
PAthdtie Eicponent
Ol^fiCBS. U<l«i'ial 4nd Business, Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 Sports, Fieldhouse, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After 10 p m, 5377
BdmoE-in Chi«t - Sports Editor Bnsinpss Manaecr Circiilotion Manftircr Coedl^ditor
John F Amos Don T Brophy John H Armstrong Robert L Hadley Wilfiam D Millard IKen K Giemre lAlice ChatBeld
Publication Staff Associate Editors Editorfal Staff R W Bos«mkle D L But* W G Hoskins A P Hunter D 'W Ochiltree W E Ratert Sports Staff D E brow j j i, tJi i ^ 1 Ksrpick Coed Staff Salh Beall Chsrlotte Hass Jean Laucr Business Sfaff Coed Bnsineas Manager Julia Martin Tnhn.on Adrcrtising Managers J M Wright D L Johnson Circulation Manager G H Klouman Aceonnts Manager Trena Torrenga Junior Coed Managers Ellen Clark Jane Ketm Staff For This Issue Night Editor Boswinkle Editor Hass S^-orts Editor Karpick Is3“« Ed'*®*- ^egh Reporters Frevman Althcrr Miller S tton Scheul Entered as second class matter at the Po^t office ettc Indiana under the act of Congr^s of Match 3 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for act of OctoW 3 1917 authorized January 20 1922 Published on Wednesday Fridav and Sunday mornings during the sum mer semester and daily except Monday during the fall am •winter semesters Delivered locally by earner for $1 25 lo summer semester mailed subscriptions $1 50 ij„ertis Represented for national advertising by National Advertis mg Service Inc College Publishers Representatives, 42t Madison Avc, New \ork N Y
No Penalty Day In answei to the numeious telephone calls to the Exponent office last night concerning «whethei Satuiday will be a penalty day The Exponent learned last night from Uniyersity officials that it will not be The Univeisity usuallj names the days immediately preceding and following holidays as the time when penalty day conditions aie in effect Not designating Memorial Day as a campus holiday, the Unneisity has not made Satuiday a penalty day It’s A Turrible Thing When He Says ‘Yes, ’ You Say ‘No’ Kissing IS a dangeious pastime which should be strictly cui tailed especially during time of wai Theie are logical and vital reasons why it should be abolished once and foi all from the American scene For scientists, a recent magazine article states, aimed with lip-loads of evidence, have emeiged from then laboiatorles to announce that fiom eighty thousand to one million geims, mostly haimful, pass fiom mouth to mouth in e\eiy human osculation Imagine Consideiing this evidence f^om an obiec ti\e viewpoint, as we lepiesentatue students in a great univeisity should consider all prob lems, we will have to admit that fiom a sensi ble, laboratoiy analysis that the tacts of the scientists simply do not pbe with those of cuddlebug coeds who insist “Kissing may not be so dangerous if you use the light tech nique”, “If you hiss haid enough you can kill the geims’, ‘ Bacteiia may go to town undei the micioscope but they aie piettv helpless in the daik ” Actually these men ot science whose dis coveries bung happiness to all people in a disease-iidden woild ha\e pioclaimed that tiench mouth tubeiculosis whooping cough pneumonia syphilis, scailet fe\ei and a host of othei diseases aie spiead by kissing Not to mention measles Theie is ample histoiical data to pro\e that a kiss is leally nothing dnided bj two, that the kis‘- as a foim ot lovemaking did not exist earhei than the Sixth Centuiy Conti aiy to populai belief kissing staited umomantically enough when Roman husbands on letuinmg home, blushed then wives’ lips to leain if they had been dunking wine Any scholai woith his Einstein will tell you that hp kissing is meiely a lot ot lomtantie ballyhoo spread by poets and othei s of then ilk loi epuntless centuries, and scientists say that the thiill of osculation spiings laigely flora the imagination ,thus, lubbing noses w ould be absolutely as stimulating Most Afiican Negio tubes and Polynesians pitch woo by sniffffing each othei Laplandeis and Eskimos meiely rub noses Kissing is taboo in Japan It was bailed in Italy by Mussolini as bad foi public moials It was temporauly banned in seieial colleges when coeds went on “kiss strikes ” Besides, psychologists can produce statis ties to piove that a kiss shoitens youi life thiee minutes Ameuean oseulatoiy habits must be ie\o lutionued Lniveisitv eds and coeds should 1 ad the way to stamp out this eiiise ol the 1 iss—which like a lumoi goes liom mouth lo mouth —DAILY TEXAN
beciet of a longei hte with a shoitei old Jx being found in nutiition and body meehan ICS. reports Dr J S Denslow ot Kirksulle, Mo , College of Osteopathy and Suigei \
MHUnr-EO-ROIMD By Drew Pearson and Robert' S. Alien Officiais In Washington Feel Optimistic As U. S. Production Expands Beyond Predictions Washington, May 26 — Behind the scenes, theie IS a genuinely optimistic feeling about the wai pictuie A lot of the old discoui agement of fearl Hai boi Singapoie Java days then veiy pionounced back stage, has now evapoiated Pioduction is proving an -industiial muacle Moie tanks weie pioduced last month than duiing all of the last wai Plane pioduc tion IS now ovei 3,300 monthly The aimy is becoming bettei equipped and bettei tiamed eveiy day However, coupled with this optimism is some very realistic thinking while it can’t be labelled discoiiiaging, nevertheless gives definite cause for pause before shouting any victorious hurrahs This lealistic thinking is concerned wifh the gieat difficultj of creating a second fiont against Hitler m Europe Here are some of the cold inescapable facts we are up against Fust it IS estimated that Hitlei has an aimy of around 4,000 000 Russia has 6 000 000 men but they aie not so well tiamed and equipped as the Geimans Yet Hitlei despite the powci of his aimy has been extiemely caieiul not to get involved on two fionts at once He has picked each objective coldly caie fully and knocked it out sepaiately Even the Russians with their ticmcndous aimy shy away fiom the idea of having another fiont cie ated against them in Sibeiia • Th ree U. S. Fronts Yet the United States with a total aimy of aiound 3 000 000 men and with most of these still m the United States must think of thiee fionts—Austial la the Middle East and the piospective fiont in Em ope Of couise, Ameiican tioups foi the Euiopean fiont still aie only a token force Aetually England has enough men under aims to constitute an invading aimj But the mam problem facing both England and the United States is ships Nazi announcements of ship sinkings show that they have a pi etty good idea of U S Biitish ship ton nage so it can be no seciet that we lack not only the ships to keep a big aimy supplied with munitions but might find it veiy difficult to take an invading foicd’ across the channel in the fiist place and keep it sup plied m the second place Thud IS the pioblem of landing on the Euiopean continent at all Dm mg the two yeais that the Nazis have held the coast of fiance Holland and Belgium they have not been idle They have taken all the Eieneh guns out of tljc Mag mot Line and studded the coast with them This shoie is piobably bettei foitified than the Biitish coast—and Hitlei was not able to invade England Therefore, the suiest means of pounding Hitler in Euiope continues to be fiom the air And this un doubtedly will be the chief U S Biitish strategy But despite the almost super human obstacles it/is still considered absolutely necessary somehow oj" other to get a land force on the Continent to set up a see ond front against Hitlei And the age of miiaeles is not over • Rubber Agreement's Standaid Oils Waltei Peagle top employei mem bei of the Wai Laboi Boaid had a talk with a con giessman a few days ago that v ould have made fiont page news had the stoiy got out The confeience was with Repiesentative Stephen M Young and followed a telephone conveisation in which the plain talking Ohioan piotested bluntly about the seciet synthetic iiibbei agieement between Stindaid Oil of New Jeiscy and the Geiman ehemi eal tiust I G Eaibenindustiie \ Duiing the telephone conveisation Young diopped ■^ome stiong hints to the efteet that he thought Teagle hould resign tiom the Laboi Boaid and aftei A oung hung up J eagle went to the Capitol to talk it ovei Young leceivCd him coidially but stuck to lus guns I think it would be a veiy ^ood thing foi the wai effoit said the Ohioan it all dollai a ye u men le signed I don t mean you alone I mean all those who have jobs with w ii agencies and aie still on the piy lolls ot piivale industiy • No $1-A-Year Man But I m not a doll u a yeai man leplicd fe igle I m paid at the late ot a day toi my woik with the Wm Laboi Boaid ruitheimoie I do not leeeive a salaiy fiom Standaid Oil 1 m letiied on pension Young pointed out that the tact still lemaiiied Ih it Teagk was an official ot Standaid Oil when tke eailel deal was signed It gieatly shakes my laith in oui big eorpoi i tioiis "V oung declaied to think that one ol them would entei into a deal to lestiiet the pioduetion ot such a Mtal wai pioduet as synthetic lubbci at a time when we weie pieparing loi wai yvith the eountij with which the deal was made reaf,le contended th it the igieement yy is not as one sided as the riumaii eomniiltec made it appeal Hid it lot I ceil ioi the agieement fcagle insisted the United States yioulel not have eeitiin vital Gei mill pioeesses loi the pioduetion ot synthetic lubbti If you give me a few d lys tune fe if,lc pie ided 111 be lad to piepaie a memo setting toitli the full tacts about the agieement Youn^ said he d be ^.lad to look ovei the statement but could mike no piomises that he would not make a speech demandin,^ Teagle s lesignation • Congress "X" Cards Heie IS some political sentiment noyv going the lounds ot the countiy yyhieh pietty yvell lepiesents public opinion In Gieat Biitain the eoinmon people ^et 2 gal Ions of gasoline a mouth and Meinbeis ot Pailiaineiit also get 2 gallons a month ‘ In the United States the common people get 3 .^allons ol gasoline a yveek but meinbeis oi Con,,iess f,et VX „allons—unknoyvn and unlimited Plus ‘X Resentment—unknown ami unlunited ((ojiyiight 1942 by United Eeatuie ‘'yiidieate Ine )
The Umvei&ity ol Nebrabka ib about to be gin piepatation ol aeionautics textbooks loi use in high schools thioughout the nation
Di Haloid S Diehl, dean ol medical sci enccs at Univeisity of Minnesota, believes eventually theie will be lett only one doctoi to sent each 1 500 to 2 000 cuilians
% Pl
aaue
(Editors Note TIu followinp: edit irials arc Kpirntcd from the Exponent f 1)17 for a compaiison f Ilmvcrbity life during World W ii I ml the picbcit conflict) Physical Education . . . Stiangc as it may seem the shoit time devoted each week to the development of the physical side of univeisity life is some of the best spent time in the loutine of the week To see the men come out on the field foy the pin pose of physical drill makes one won del how the men evei expect to be able to use then muscles in any way whatsoevei Theie is almost a umveisal lack of co oidniation of the muscles of the men and a moie awkwaid, gayvky gioup could haidly be imagined Theie is absolutely no need foi any stu dent to be upable to handle his body as some of the men aie Theie exists an evident lack of knowledge as to yvhat the vaiious paits of the body are and foi what they aie to be used It is true that the Depart inent of Physical Education can do little in the tune which has been allotted foi instiuction but the be ginping shows the need foi moie of the same kind of instiuction
they would take the woik nyoie seiiously and attempt to get jnoio out of it, toi they purely need it All the men with very few exceptions show the need for phy sical tiaimng and it is hoped that more attention can be given this phase of the cipucukim for what good yvill a head full of knowledge do a man if Ins bodj is not stiong enough to caiiy his head‘d — Nov 16, 1917
If the ipen icalized just hoyy ayykyvaid they appeal yyhen attempting the simple exeiciscs given thorn
A War Necessity . . . Aftei a caieful study of the coal situation the e\ ecutive committee of the Ificulty has decided that it IS necessaiy to consoive the coal supply now on hind at the Univeisity as carefully as possible The im mediate action of the committee was the shutting down of the poweihouse at six o clock m the evening This 01 del yvill caiiy yyith it some inconvenience foi all of us as it will cut off the lights fiom thabuild mgs on the campus Howevei this need not inteifeie yvith oui use of the libiaiy oi othei buildings Inste id of waiting'until evening to do oui woik in the hbi iiy Ol to hold campus oiganizatioii meetings we must aiiange to.do this woik m the afternoons aftei class
es
We must all meet this situation as ehccifully as possible foi the biief tune,m which the oidei will be in foice In these times of conscivatiqn it is impel ativc that we all do oui put in the gicat national woik that has been so efficiently begun Oiir chance to help has come again Let us all pitch in at once and pitch in yvith a clieeiful spiiit —Oct 20 1917
AIME Announces New Coinmillees For Summer New committees foi the suinmei
teim weie selected at a iccont exe cutive'boaid mectinp of thg AIME
Sam Shapno, Bill Tayloi, Lloyd
Myeis Alt Sedden Jim Ciaig, Jim B iklyy in, and Dwight McCloud wero selected foi the membeiship com mittee, Ray Pailci Glenn Stock meier and Jim Bald vin foi the softball committee, and Gdoige Hoffei, leiiy Klauman and Jim
Ciaig puhlieity committee A “smokci to be sponsoied by
the oiganization in the Union to
nirtht at 8 yyas also discussed
University Calendar
Wednesday, May 27
7 oO P M —A I M E Smokei
West Eieulty Lounge Union
Thursday, May 28
) 00 PM—Sciccii Review 7 30 PM —Cameia Club Meeting 8 00 P M —W L High School Com mciicement
Music H ill Room 301 Union
Eliza Foyyloi Hill
Dr. Elliot) Will Speak To Planning Group This Morning I inal se>^sions of the national eonfeionce on civic planning, which Piesidcnt E C Elliott and seyeial meinbeis of the faculty aie attend ing yvill be held today in Indian apolis Piesident Elliott yvill speak this morning on County Land Use Planning toi Bettei Agiieultiiie Panel Discussions Seveial panel discussions on such topics as cuiient hoLisnia pioblems stieam pollution paik impiove ment nulustiial location and avia tion development will be held dui ing the final day of the confeience One of the piniciple speakeis at the piogiam will be the head ot the National Resomees Plannin„ Boaid r A Detano uncle ol Pies ident Roosevelt Goveinoi Heniy E Sehiickei ol Indiana will be one of the piineipal state leadois appeal in^, on the pio giam Pioftssoi Lommel ol the School ot Civil Engineeiing and chan man of the State Planning Boaid yyill pieside ovei pait of the eonleience Reed Johnston Help Utnities Dean Haiiy J Peed of the Sel ool of Agiieultuie ind 1 R Johnston diioetoi ot the Di ivei ity Pul lieity Office haye ilso I oen leLively ei „a„ed 111 the ictnities ol the eon feienee Letter To Editor Di II Echtoi Mudb ill keeps tellin i le Lh it tin most iinpoilint question yon cu asl yvhen piekin^ cut the bettei teacheis on the e nipus i Do his students leel tint he is on lieu side Kick th it noun 1 01 a minute i ty\o—It fits the Be I leiehen oi the p 1st i ey\ yen Biielh yoLiis file nec
Grade, High School Swimming Classes To Begin Monday Suinmei swimming el isses foi .,iade and hign school gals vyill ben in next Mondiy moinin^ at 9 30 in the Meinoiial Gyinnisium Miss Maiy Scoville oi the physical education depaitinent loi women yyill te leh the classes yvhieh aie open to both beginning and ul vanecd gioups Cl isses yvill meet Monday Wed iicsd ly and Iiidij mommas and the suinmei yyill be diy icled into thiee peiiods oi loin yyeels each IS follovys June 1 to June 27 June 2J to July 25 iiul July 27 to Au^. list 21 A lee of $150 yvill be ehu„ed loi eieh peiiod iiid si it md toyvels yyill be luinishecl A. doctoi s ecitificate must be seemed miles one yvas filed in the depaitinent office this spiing Coeds may sy im it tlu Mi noiial Gymnasium at 4 p m Mond ly thiough I iiday
MARS — LAST TIMES TODAY — PRISCIllA IANE • ROBT. CUMMINGS <•** /JVn'ieri offticitcochi
SAMTSWR
TOMORROW - FRIDAY MIGHTY 0RAMA<
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY BY ENROLLING IN O'JR NEW BEGINNER S CLASS Thins , M.ay 28, 7 00 P M Summer Rates Phon^ 2150 P M Alipa Nation Iv ifnown Insiructor ALLEN’S filh lud IFcn
LIMA LAST DAY —2 HITS
'IVt WOMEN WERE SOSPECEEDi ^
>1@
PLUS
—TODAY— Th''' ^ot riinri'^r nd '"unnicr' LUM AhD AONEP m BASHrUI BACHEIOR —ADD"-D— MARCH Cr TIME WHEN AIR RAIDS STRIKE
mnU IQYCI impk Am k.
STARTS THURSDAY — TWO SMASH H!TS— Co SIC On — Pack Up Your Troubles and Laugh Out loud’ YOU'RE iN THE /RMY NOW with )!MMY DURANTE PHIL SILVERS JANE WYMAN — PLUS — MICHAEL REDGRAVE VALERIA HOBSON m SONS OF THE SEA
DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RISK — DENTISTS — 400 404 Schultz Bldg 4th and Main St Lafayette
LAST TIMES TODAY BOB HOPE MADELEINE CARROLL
TOMORROW - FRI - SAT
Australian Dairyman Addresses University Dairy Club Members S r Boaid of Austialii spoke befoie the Uniyeisity Daiiy Club inembeifa Diiiy Still and otheis in loom 263 ol the Union Building list night on the yy u eondilioiis in Aiisti ilia as lelited to tlu milk in ckisti V Ml Bond IS i eo inyinloi ol die vieieito yyhieh is i diiiet ste un vieiuin piste in izei with ste in clis tillatioii and eoolin ph isi Ihis unit w lb deyeioped puinii ly toi the pi tciiii/ation ot eieiin uid the impioveinent ot the tl ly n List yeai the Umycisity eieun eiy piuehised a \ icieatoi liom Ml Boaid in Aiist ihi in oidci to study the effects of this unit upon Inch in i eieiin Bo ii 1 is noyv 111 this countiy makiim an niiodue tion ot the vacieatoi to ciminei ei il eii unei its H. Johmson Receives Capfain^s Coi irnission Eiist Lite tin lit U N 1 n ison ot the Univeisity Mil t ly till h been pioinoted to Captiin 1 leiil Aitilleiy Aimy ol th Unit 1 Slat s leeouiiig to n innoiinic ment leeeiycd liom the Wu De p iitinei t C iptain Johnson oii-,iiillv fiiin Biiigepoit Conn ent uliiilituy sei vice in Dceembei 19‘0
11 S V BROBI EM 1 md life 1 ill tl peatelul in (hen lot i m Bovy n ton 1 uni md Ah iKi gel thim^elvLs all messed up m i soil ot livestock dell is yon ni ght SI) ivhun iddtd to the tact that 1 uni IS kind i loniintie about Geiakliiu makes I n i lot ol hilar loiis tomplit itioiis \ seeiic from their cuirint neiv liugh hit Ihe Bashful Bathtloi ui RKO Radio release piodiieed bv Jack Votion Today at the New Mam
ARC
LAST Tir/rrs TODAY
DO-4 BARRY m APACHE KiD
JACK HOLT in HOLT or THE SECRET SERV5CE
COLOR CARTOON
— THUR FRI SAT
Stirrinj Buck and Tin McCoy FIRST RUN — and — TAY M.D! LPTO 1 m HURRICASvr S/\4HH plus R REPUBLIC SERIAL IN lb CHAPTERS TRACY i¥S. miME IHC; ■ BALPH BYRD
/LSO
LA I L f j.,L iqj.i,vs
SUMMER OPENING, SATURDAY, MAY 30 Dancing Evi ry N e nd Sund - rul Folul ly. Afterno ins Bepinniii'T Fi t ly M y 2J FIRST 17 DAYS—ILLINOIS U s FAVORITL BAND Bud Rodorick and his 12 pjsrc or''5'jesfsa Speenl Mdinec Dance Deeen ilion D y Afltinoon NEW FOR 193 2 “^^FASON Modem Rollei Rmk — SI ,i ng eye y ilU moon eyening Mmiituic Golf Coui&e S’uil i } oiul Couitb Shady Picnic Giound P, 1 Conrt, ions BATH HOUSE AND BEACH ip n v yd) be eh vycll lighted at night ,, Ahv ly lit a In I .jion md fu e paikinn
'A'lWadnesa^, May 27,
-5^1 C ^-h,
*<►.-,-1.3^ ,
Boilermaker Spirts
Wiilis Trctd^s Umpire Jdb Pbr Commision
By Ed Karpick If you weie one of the handful of fans that attended the Minne sQt^ seiiea, you may have jnissed a fapuljax figure You may have n^issed him if you, have attended enough baseball gamee this year to be able to notice thav^^e of the umpires at ntost ot the Ames has been i^red Willis \ If you are the aveiageystudent, pe;haps you Imevr him bettei m his capacity aa technician at the Stu dent Health Service Fied is the fellow that signed the Fieldhouse locker slips gave lamp tieatments, and spent the rest of his time look mg thiough micioscopes foi bac teiia with those foot long names Called ’Em As He Saw ’Em Whenever theie was a ball game played at Ross A.de Field Fied would change his white jacket foi a blue coat chest protectoi and mask and take up his post behind the plgte calling em as he saw ’em Fred Willis wasn t the type to favoi the Boileimakers just because he was a membei of the Univeisity staff Baseball umpiies have a fine rep Utation foi honesty and Tied Wil lis moie than lived up to the stand aids of the piofession You may have noticed that ofentimes Dutch Fehiing and members of the team
Riveter Track Men May Enter Central Intercollegiate Conference Meet June 6 Winding up a very uneventful season by finishing fifth in the Indiana State Meet last Saturday, the Riveters may still participate in one more meet, when and if, they enter the Cential Intel collegiate Conference Meet at Milwaukee, Wisconsin, June 6 According to Coach Homei Allen, some of the members of the track squad who aie inteiested in pai taking in this meet, will be taken to Milwaukee The Ceptral Intel collegiate , , , ^ „ „ u;r i 1,1,. tcied by the Rivcteis They are A1 Conference Meet is held for Don Kemp Harold Dodge those members who belong to the gQj, Arnold These men will go conterence and others who are in they want to and will enter the teiested Origin illy the conference events that they desire to Dodge was 01 ganized by Notre Dame RI u undoubtedly enter the bio ul quette and Michigan State in oi jump while the rest vill piolably del that they might have a place to enter the h rlf mile or other dis have m iss competition since these ij^^e events schools were not in i eonferenee Since the National Collegiate Ath like the Big Ten l^tie Assoeirtion will hold its meet Four Men Entei td June lo rt Lincoln Nebraska many Probably lour men will be en w estei n and e rstei n schools w ill en
JhsL lAniotL juwUm, ipiL io ApmxL JtpuA. Isd&uAiL momsniL. hv ihsL ... MUSIC ROOM Enjoy its complete assortment of classical and scmi-classical lecordings BROWSING ROOM A good book, comfortable chaii, and pleasant atmosphere! PUHERING ROOM The ideal place to develop a hobby. / You will enjoy all the other features too, jksL fluAduSL THsmoilaL lAmmv Just take a walk through the building!
S
ports Communique^ Plans To Entel’Didmoitd Squad Likys
Lafayette Amatieur Industrial L^aQIfi
fiy Bob tladley
would jump up to dispute a close one That was no reflection on Fred Willis’ ability as an official, but it showed that he didn t call the 'Close ones in the Riveters’ favor It is only natural for the members of the team to think that the close ones were called against them, but the umpire calls them as he sees them and in most cases he is right More Work For Fred During the football and basket ball seasons Fred kept the statistics for the athletic department that enabled the coaching staffs to check back and find out just what hap pened duiing the heat of battle This sideline enabled Fred to keep in touch with the various sports that he loved You won t be seeing Fied around the baseball field or the campus anymoie At least, not until the war IS ^vei bedause Fred Wilhs has been given a commission as a fiibt Lieutenant in the Army The fans in Lafayette gave Fred a big hand at one of the Red Sox ball games when it was announced that he was leaving for the army Boiler maker sports fans have not had the opportunity to give him a public vote of thanks for what he has done but they all wish him the best of luck and a safe letuin
With the field of sports at its usual summer ebb, and the eyes of the Sporting world focused on PEM 12 and “Games on tfie Green ’ it is all a struggling sports columnist can do to keep from b^mg relegated to reading proof Having escaped, howevei chiefly on grounds of ignoi ance we will make a stab at unearthing something of interest nr the sporting hne The football squad and coaefiing staff are looking forvyard with a definite gleam in thoreye, to the new schedule for fall football prac^. tree provided for under the new rules set up recently nr the Western Conference The new rules, which supplant a set which were already antiquated, when the Big Ten was still the Big fen call for the begin ning of practice on the first day of the fall tenn or three weeks before the first game This places the schools on a more nearly equal basis than did the'■old regulations iii wfircb a date was set for all schools and twice a d^y practice was prohibited after the commenting of classes Where the Boilermakers came out on the short end in previous yeais IS shown bj comparing the date of opening of classes at the University with that of other schools While the Rivetci giidders were limited to one session a day aftei the liist week in Septembei when classes opened, schools like Ohio State concentrated on then football until then classes finally got aioiind to convening the fiist of Octobei^ Starting off a tough season with a wairn up game against the un pronounceable Rams of 1 ordham it seems likely that the Boilermak ers ryill be able to use any breaks they can conjure up m the matter of preparation of reception ceremonies 1 aking a look at the material available the team spiiit and the showing of the team m intrasquad play this spiing however it seems likely that the last week in Sep tember is going to involve the Rams in a long trip a tough Saturday afternoon and a generally dismal weekend Falling in line with the geneial trend of spoitmg events m the nation today it was announced the othei d ly that a size iblc slice of the receipts paid out by football fans lo view waning Big Ten teams this fall will be donated to Aimy and Na\> relief and siinilai funds affecting the na tion s war effoit Donations will be made m amounts detei mined by the individual umveisities but all will be presented m the name ot the Big Ten as a whole Bob Hodgell is a sophomoie at the Univeisity of Wisconsin He is studying lo become an artist and spends most of his time Wrapped up m his murals Occasionally he feels the need of a little exercise and leaves his murals to win the high jump in Misconsm track meets The latter tendencj has placed him in his present position of high jumping king of the Western Conference Hodgell feels though, that he would rather have the blue iibbon awarded one of his murals than his feat of besting of Big Ten high jumpeis Apparently the 1942 quota of all star baseball games will be unchanged by the presence of war The annual American National league game is scheduled to be played at the Jmts Polo Giounds in New Yoik on July 6 The winning team is tentitively scheduled to meet a picked team fiom the armed forces in Cleveland on July 7 Mickey Cochrane present coach ot the Great Dales baseball aggregation which has been turning back top collegiate ball clubs with great legularity will manage the service team The only diffeience fiom other years uill be that the New York game will be a twilight affaii beginning at 5 30 The Cleveland game IS seheduled to be played undei the lights in the Cleveland stidium
ter then terms in the event June G to piepaie then men for NCAA Same lime And Place It is unusual ioi the NCAA meet to be held neai the same time and pi rce that the Ceiiti rl Collegiate i held Since the two meets aie sched uled foi such i close time and place theie vill be manj terms whieh would not have entered the CIC that will in 01 del that they might keep then men m condition In the season past the Boilei m ikeis won two nidooi du il meets one a^ inrst the M noons from Chi cigo and the other tioni Indiana Tr\o dual meets weie diopped out doois to Miehigan Strte and Illi nois In two quid angulii meets the Riveteis linishcd setoi d both
ia ^ad HE DESERVES THE BEST
A Parker Vacumatic or 51 Pen will last for life and that means it s a constant reminder of the giver A man uses his pen every day and the longer he uses it the better he likes it
Parker SI Pern fl2 SO and $IS 00 Sets $17 SO Kp
Paikei I acumatte Pens $S 00 t id S8 7S Seh $8 7S up
DECKER’S INC
518-20 Main ... Phone 5086
1942 Varsity Baseball Averages
Through Northwestern Games
Name Myers Shoemaker Martin Swantz Leitheit Smith Young 8 Friend 9 Emeisoii 10 Burghaidt W 11 |liley 12 Wiight 13 Burghardt G 14 McFeiren 15 Carson 16 Misselhorn 17 Berto 18 Rawles 19 Petrich 20 Hipp 21 Clasemin, R 22 Walton 23 Kersey 24 Rush 25 Burger 26 Cook, E 27 Inman 28 Cook W 29 Claseman, I 30 Cerreto 31 Imes 32 Baker 33 Freiheii 34 Senpps Tqtdls Name 1 Claseman I 2 Petrich 3 Leifheit 4 Misselhorn 5 Berto 6 Cook, W 7 Baker 8 Imes 9 Stripps 10 Freiheir
G AB H B K RBI
4 9 4 6 10 4 >62 3 3 1 15 36 11
18 59 18 9
22 79 23 12 11 13 18 69 18 8 12 11 2 4 10 11 21 81 19 15 17 13 16 60 11 4 10 7 3 9 2 0 3 11 43 9 9 8 15 55 11 10 5 10 25 5 3 1
9 15 10 20 5 5 9 26 14 41 3 6 9 13 10 34 5 12 6 13
4 4
3
4
1 5 7
1 0
2 4 3
\
1 2 1 1
10 0
0 10 12 3 6 6
3 5
1 0 3 0
3 0 K 0
0 0 1 0
1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
22 718 169 97 130 81
Bat Ave 441 400 333 333 306 305 291 261 250 235 233 222 209 200 200 200 200 200 192 171 167 154 147 083 077 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 000 226
Fielding Chances 16 6 9 16 . 21 122 94 34 9 112 42 7 1125 86 8 16 13 6 23 19 5 12 11 5 14 10 10 7 1 0 2 0 2 0 893
Errors Pet
1
1 1 1 3 3 12 2 1 15 4 0 2 6
1
3 2 2 1 2 0 0 0 0 2 3 3 0 0 0 0 0
1
0 72
PITCHING RECORDS
In 6 62 42 45 20 4 2 4 1 1
H R
B K
9 53 49 42 22 2
9 37 26 16 22 0 3 1 0 2
4 39 20 21 12 3 1 0 0 2
3 41 20 29 7 6 0 3 1 1
Totals 22 188 186 126 98 111
ER 3 21 20 14 11 0 0 0 0 0 72
W 1 5 2 1 0 0 0 0 0 0 9
938 833 889 938 857 975 872 941 889 866 905
1 000
984 930 875 813 954 667 967 895
1 000 1 000 1 000 1 000
857 700 700
1 000 1 000
000
1 000
000 500 000 919
L Pet 0 1 000 2 714
5 4 1 0 0 0 0 1 13
286 250 000 000 000 000 000 000 409
times Riveters 1 iiiish Second In the foul way meet at Illinois the Rivetcis finished second behind Illinois and ahead of lowal^ and Noi thwestei n In the othei meet Minnesot i von followed by the Riv cteis lour and Noithwestein in the 01 Ici named Only one lecoid was bioken this yen That was the pole vault lec Old by Alt Edwards who leaped 13 feet 3 inches lor the neu mark Cl 11 ence Kion came veiy close to hi taking the low huidlc iccoid In f ret he missed the tune by one tenth oi a second ind piobably would hive bioken the time if he could hive stiycd uoiind school a little while longci
IM Schedules
The following fraternities will play softball Thuisday evening at 6 30 Diamond 1 Pi Kapp i vs Alpha Sigma Phi 2 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Alpha Tail Omega 3 Phi Gamma Delta vs Alpha Cm Rho 4 Phi Kappa Tau vs Beta Theta Pi 5 Tau Epsilon Phi vs Phi Delta Theta 6 Delta Chi vs Lambda Chi Alpha 7 Phi Kapp i Sigma vs Kappa Sigma 8 Pi Kappr Phi vs Pi Kappa Alph 1 0 Atacia vs Sigma Pi 10 Sigma Nil vs Delta Upsilon
11
Tiiangle vs Sigma Alpha Ep silon Beta Sigma Psi vs Kappa Delta Rho Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Theta
Chi
Sigma Chi vs Phi Kappa Psi Delta Tau Delta vs Theta Tau Phi Sigma Kappa vs Alpha Gamma Rho Sigma Alpha Mu vs Theta Xi All fraternity games will be played on each Tuesdaj and Thuis day evening at 6 30 until fuither notice
Fehring Awmts Big Ten Ruling According to Coach Birtek Fehring, plans for a Borlermaker base* ball squad this summer are at a standstill until the conference eligibility ruling IS received witbjn the next few days If the rahngi is favorable Fehnng plans to organize a summer nine and enter thenj m the newly formed Amateur Industrial League of Lafayette. This league officially opened last Sunday night, is made up of five teams so far including a squad ffom the local Aluminum Company, one fiom the Fan-field Manufaetnring Company the American Legion, West Side, and Jeff High School Although such a setup looks like it would be easy picking for a Riveter nine, Coach Fehnng tells us that the brand of baseball played m this league is not to he laughed at Maybe Same Team If the conference eligibility rules Will permit Fehring's men to continue in Big Ten basebaU after playing such a league, the Riveter mentor will be dnle to assemblo a team practically the same as the one that finished the spring capipaign against Mmnesota last Satui day night The only veterans who failed to return for the summer session are Ernie Young, regular first baseman, Bill Burghardt, shortstop Irv Claseman, pitcher, and Chuck Wright, outfielder Fehnng has already had a callout for sophomoie material to play in the league One of the most piomismg second year men is tall Jack Kennedy, right handed hurler In one of the, earlier games of the season Kennedy showed his ability as a hitter as well as a prtchei when he knocked out a single, tuple and a home run m the same game Will Play Seven Games If the Riveters enter in the Industnal League competition this summer they will be scheduled for seven league games League games will be played every Monday and Piiday night under lights Coach Fehnng announced yesterday that the game scheduled with the Great Lakes squad for today has been postponed until Juije 16, when the Riveters will meet the sailois at Monticello
Notice
The following Caiy Hall softball ,,ames will be played Friday eve ning at 4 00 1 Caiy Hall 2 vs Caiy Hall 4 2 Caiy Hall 5 vs Cary Hall 7 All Cary Hall softball games will be played on Monday and Fiiday evenings at 4 00 until fuither no tice
There has been a misunderstanding in regards to Cary Ball Softball These games will be played on Monday and Friday at 4 00 until further notice. —M L Clevett Alpha Kappa Lambda announced the pledging of Tom Hass West Lafayette, and Ralph Ricks Washington
UPon knotf stoiy of Axis **diotator8lilp**—-Am lesson is tliere for all to read: Schools and coDej^ closed—or tamed into breeding grounds for uea and hate. Freedom d speech verboten! Freedom to choose your friends ■ wsrbotenl . AS, yo«| need to Ze<m> U to obeyP* •u Now they would attempt to put the yoke on ua—on you. It must not happen here! Whatever dliQ cost, the Axis must be smashed. Your part* im p college student, is clear. You may not be kehind a gun today, but you con help today to give ««r soldiers, sailors, and marines the weapons they need for ^ctory. Pnt your dimes and dollars into fighting uniform note by buying United States Savings Bqn^ Stamps. You’ll help not only your cenntryy, yourself—^because you are not asked to gieo your money, but to lend it. You can start hu^d^ Bonds by buying Savings Stamps for as little to TQ centSi^ Start buying today—and keep it up! Save . . . and Save America with U. S. Savings BONDS* STAMPS
4i8^ P^ue '
Wednesday, May 27, 1942
Wl,,
Home Economics Oroup Honors W.H.Danforth
¥AO To Hold Soph Callout Next Week
LBPt Monday afternoon,
tlio Callouts for all sophomores in-
Home Economics school held a tea tcrested in participating in the achonoring Mr. W. H. Danforth, tivities of the Pi'ateimity Affairs founder and chairman of the board Office, the administi ative arm of of the Ralston Purina Company, in the Fraternity Presidents’ Council the Home Economics building. Dan- ivill be held next Wednesday forth also spoke at the Ag staff through Friday in loom 328 of the
luncheon that day. Union at 4 p. m.
Purpose Of Tea Old Sophomore Workers Meet The purpose of the tea was to The meetings will serve the dual give the faculty members of the purpose of acquainting the persons Home Economics school a chance to attending the callouts with the acmeot Danforth and to ask him tivities of the 1* AO and for the questions concerning his industry, reoi ganization of the office for the
He is at present the sponsor of summer term,
several scholarships in the Univer- John Wilcox, senior executive of sity, dii’ector of several banks and FAO, has requested that all sophinsui’ance companies, a member of omores who had formerly worked the Corporation of Washington foi' the office plan to attend either University, a trustee of Beiea Col- the meeting next Wednesday or lege and Iberia Junior College, Thursday. Each house, is expected president of the American Youth to have one member representing Foundation and the Danforth their organization at the callouts. Foundation. Juniors To Explain Duties Claude .1. Mounsev Winner ' The duties of the FAO are sub-
divided into four committees: rush, Claude J. Mouiisey, Ag. 15, was
announced the winner of the Danforth Fellowship for fieshmen. Mounsey, a distinguished student, will represent the University at the American Youth Foundation Camp
scholarship, publicity, and special events, each under the guidance of a junior executive. The workers are rotated from one committee to another so that he may learn the duties of each division. The struc
at Camp Minawanca, Shelby, Mich., to be held during the last two weeks
cutives at the callout. Navy Mothers Open Bluejacket Headquarters
Undei the auspices of the Navy Mothers’ Club and the Navy Club of Lafayette, a bluejacket headquarter.s was opened in Fowler Hotel last Satuiday. Mis. Alexandei, a former librarian in Lafayette, IS acting head of the Navy Motheis’ Club and Mr. Richard Harrison of Ross Stone Coiporation, IS iiresident of Navy Club. Intended For Navy Trainees This organization is intended especially for hundreds of Navy trainees who are to come to the Univeisity beginning June 1, from
To aid the Ameiican government purts of thc^ country for elec
in its search for sources of rubber
in August.
Each year the Danforth Foundation selects between thirty-five and forty agricultural students and thirty-five girls from the home economics school from thirty-five universities for summer business fel-
lowships.
Scholarships For Juniors, Seniors These scholarships are for juniors and last for four weeks, the first two weeks being spent in St. Louis, at the home office of the Ralston Purina Company, and the last two weeks at Camp Minawanca in Michigan. Experiment Station Tests Rubber Source
the University Agiicultuial Experiment Station, co-operating with the U. S. Department of Agriculture, has made some experimental plant-
trical tiaining. Raising funds conM.st of a large pai t of the activities. ALso, mothers .sign up to tliis 01 ganization and sponsor entcitainment foi the Navy men. When par-
ings of Russian dandelion (kok- visit, they saghyz) seed to ascertain the rub- enteitained by these mothers ber-producing potentialities of this them lodging. Knitplant in this area. Dr. W. V. Lam- and sewing are done by the
bert, associate director of the experiment station, has announced. 20 Similar Organizations The agiicultuial research station is one of 20 similar organizations in this country’s northern state'selected by the U. S. Department of Agriculture to make these experimental plantings. Small quantities of seed have been sent to Canada and Alaska, where climatic conditions are similar to those of the areas in Russia where the dandelion is now being grown. The seed received here several days ago came fiom the fii st shipment of 100 pounds to aiiive in this country. The seed arrived in America by air after expei leiicing many of the hazard.s of war while en route. Rubber From Dandelions In ’13? Since the Russian dandelion is an annual. Director Lambert explained, it would be irossible to make it an imjioi'tant souice of lubber by 1943. Rubber is obtained from the roots of the plant, and where it is acclimated, yields of 30 to 50 pounds of i ubber jrer aci e may be expected. The U. S. officials have cmph:t.sized in pievious aniiounceinents that shipments of the- seed are entirely for expel imen’tal plantings to supplement the meagei inioimation now available in this country on the possibilities of kok-saghyz as a rubber pioducei. Singing To Highlight Religious Meeting Wilbur Lane, jiresident of the Carroll County Council ol Christian Education, announced i-ecently that the 78th annual' Sunday School Convention ol Indiana will be held on campus June 17, 18, and 19. Anyone inteiested in Sunday School work or Christian education is invited to attend. Nationally known siieakers will be heie to take jiart in the iirogram. Another part of the progiain will consist of a song festival which will be under the diiection of Di. Clarence Dickinson of New York. Dickinson lormerly lived in Lafayette. Albert P. St(‘wait, diiectoi of music at the University, will assist Dj. Dickinson in the direction of a combined choii' of 1,000 voices.
mothcis for the Navy Release.
Coeds inteiested in playing in the golf touinament sponsored liy the Women’s Athletic Association must sign up on the bulletin board in the Women’.s Gym by next Wednesday. Tournament play will begin on June 15. No practice games aie required in order to be eligible. Coeds may compote in either tlhe advanced oi the beginners class. Beginners will play on the three hole cour.se, and the advanced group w'lll iilay on the Univeisity course.
—WAA—
Members of the c^pmpciaft course and any other coeds who are interested 111 a w'cek-end of camping activities W’lll go to Ro.s.s Camji June 5-7. ^The fee for the three days will be $2.00, and for tw'o days, $1 .50. Those who plan to atteml must sign on the WAA bulletin lioaid liy next Monday.
—WAA—
Membcis of the cainpcraft course will go to the WAA cabin tonight at 5 lor group coobeiy.
—WAA—
Moilern Dance Club directed by Miss Theresa Bell ha.s chosen ’ITiur.sday at 7 ji. m. and Tuesday at 4:30 p. in. as its legular meeting tunes for this summci. All coeds aie invited to become members
of the club.
Students, Graduates May Enlisti In Marine Reserve Accoiding to an announcement by Biigadiei General Robert L. IJeiiig, students, graduates, alumni of the University up to the age of 30 year's have a chance to enlist ii| the Marine Coi ))s Reserve. ! Qualified students aie enlisted in the reseive and aie sent to a Candidate.s’ Officers Training School for a ten-week jicriod. At the end of this tune they will be coinniissioned as second lieutenants.
Union Bowling Tournament Opens ’ Next Wednesday student Union is sponHoring an All-Campus bowling tournament this summer starting next Wednesday. The conte.stants wdll be teams instead of individuals and the tourney is open to any students or organizations while enter a team of
five.
’I’wo Teams Bowl Together
One team, with another, will bowl alternately on two alle.ys. Scoring will be done by teams themselves and the total score of the members will constitute the game score for their respective team. The tournament will last a minimum of six weeks, and at the end of that time the four finalists will be the two ' teams having won the most games in each of the two brackets. The following rules will be enforced: Only those whose names appear on the official entry blank will be allowed to paiticipate. The teams schedule to bowl, in accordance with the schedule appearing in the Exponent, minst appear at the scheduled time. Each team will bowl three games a night at a cost of ^$2.30 per team. This is $1.15 per game per man jilus $.05 per team
to be used to buy trophies. Mu.st Comply To Rules
Failure to follow the above i ules will be cause for forfeit. The Vice President in charge will have control of the touriiament, and any questions arising will be settled by him. Those who wish to enter should call at the Union office foi an entiy blank which must be returned to the Union office on or be-
fore Saturday.
Freshmen Petitions For AWS Post Due Tomorrow P’roshman women who intend to petition for a jiohition on the executive board of the Associated Women Students must turn in thcii petitions at the AWS office in the Union Building or to P^loreiice Croll at Wood Hall office by noon tomor-
row.
Freshmen women ai e those who have attended the Univeisity foi only one .semester or who entered the University this M'ay. The form for the petition is as lollows: We, the Lindeisigned, do hereby nomniate for the position of freshman representative on AWS executive boaid for the summer term 1912. 15 Must Sign Petition The petition must be signed by 15 freshmen coeds. Candidates will he introduced at a meeting of all fieshmen women at 5 p.ni. tomorrow in the AWS office. The election will be held at this time, and passport.s must be shown in order to vote. Only one representative will be elected this semester. Three Cary Hall Softball Teams Remain Undefeated Cary Hall 2 (NW Hall) by virtue of a 20-0 victory over Cary Hall 7 (Tony House) Monday afternoon, advanced ahead of the Hall softball competition with two -wins in as many games. Caiy Hall 4 (SSW) has won three games in three starts, but Hall 2, through its decisive win over the forinei athletic leaders, lanks as favorite to win the six-game series. W L Pet. Cary Hall 2 2 0 LOOO Caiy Hall 4 3 0 1.000 Cary Hall 0 1 0 1.000 Cary Hall 1 2 1 .007 Cary Hall 5 1 1 .500 Cary Hall 3 0 2 .000 Cary Hall 7 0 3 .000
MadMeine Gels Her Man
Notices
Saboteur?
After all the hullabaloo he’s been raising on his rido program about Madeleine Carroll being his favorite blonde it’s hard to figure just vthy Bob Hope should play hard to get. But he does, and anybody can see his antic in “My Favorite Blonde,’’ Paramount’s laugh-laden spy comedy now playing at the Lafayette theatre. '' Survey Of Playshop Productions Lists Comedies As Most Popular
Radio ClubJ Meeting Wednesdny, May 27, at 7 :30 p.m. in room 5 of the KE biiildihg. Interesting speukerH. ttcfrPBhnieiits. —WESTNEAT Frcslimaii Camp CotiiiHclorn: Anyone interested in noting as a counselor at ihe August freshman camp should call or got in touch with Dr. Graves Schalliol (55052), or Singer (8'U2). SINGER Mctnlliirgical Engineers: AIME smoker ^ will be hold Wednesday, May 27, al 8 p. m. in the West Faculty lounge of the Union. ^ All intcrcatod Hludents are invited. -SCHALLIOL Military Bliidcnts: First Novice Pistol Group instruction atarts Tucadav, June 2. Students may sign up in the supply room Immediatelv. The fee fur this group will bo fifty cents which may be deducted from military depusita. —BROWN Junior Military Stuflcnts: If you wish to enter the 155 mm. Howit/.er Snuad comjietition for the summer term, turn in the roster of your gun stiuad by noon. May 30, to Lt. R. F. Vanderford at the armory. Roster wHl consist of two juniors and nine aophomores. —VANDERFORD
Skull and Crescent: There will be a meeting of Skull and Crescent Wednesday, May 28. at 7 p. m. at the Union. Room to be announced later. —KING
By Ernest Nordlingcr Comedies arc the most popular Playshop productions according to a five year survey that was made recently of the boxoffice returns of that organization covering a period fiom 1937 to 1942. The biggest money-maker of that period was the three act comedy “Bachelor Born” given in Fowler Hall in the spring of 1941. “Journey’s End” Takes Second Of the first seven most popular play.s, five weie comedies, one a melodrama, and one a seiious type. After “Bachelor Born,” which was first, came “Journey’s End,” presented in the 1938-39 season, “Fresh Fields” in 1939-40, “Three Men On a Horse” 1941-42, “Squaring the Circle” 1937-38, “Ceiling Zeio” 1937-38, and “The Male Animal” of the cuiient season. Five of these were final shows of the season. It is Intel csting to note the steady increase of the season ticket sales dining the fiist thieC years of the
period. During the fourth year the house was reseated, the capacity being limited to 2,728. The .sales lose from 1,371 in 1937 to 3,068 two years later. After the house was reseated the sales were arbitrarily closed in 1941 to within two of the leserved house capacity of 2,728. Production Costs High The pi eduction costs are high, even for a university drama organization such as Playshop. Of the above mentioned most popular plays, “Thiee Men on a Horse” had the greatest cost, $449. The lowest expense of $162 was incurred in 1938 for “Squaiing the Circle.” The avciage cost langed below $250. In concluding his summary of Playshop’s ticket sales, the business manager lepoited a deficit in the cui lent sea.'^on. And a welcome deficit it wa , for Playshop bought $1,200 woith of United States War Bonds cluiing the current campus campaign.
Lt, Colonel Hicks To Assist Applicants For Army Air Force In order that students applying for the Air Force Enlisted Reserve (Defcired Plan) and for immediate appointment as Aviation Cadets may he accommodated, an Information Bureau has been established in the basement ol tlie Armory, Room
B-4.
All students inlcrestod are reqiU'sted to call during the follovviiig honis: Tomorrow, 9 to 10 a. m.; Tuesday, 1 to 2 )). in.; Wednc.sday, 3 to 4 p. m., and Friday, 10 to 11a. m. Lt. Colonel E. H. Hicks, of the Mihtaiy Dejiaitment Staff, W'ill be theie at those hours to assist all •students desiring to apply I'oi Aviation Cadet Ol Air Force Enlisted Reseive Tiaining. The Aimy Air Corps Aviation Cadet Exaiiiiiiing Board No. 1 is now located on Iho second door of the Lafayette Y. M. C. A. and is open for information from 8:00 a. m. to 4:00 p. m. daily except Sundays. King Drops Rationing Board Position Pi of. George C. King, of _the School of Mechanical Engineering, who has been a iiiemher of the Tipjiecanoe couiiLy rationing hoard since it was organized .some months ago, has taken a leave of absence from his duties on the hoaid because ol illness.
Students May Sign For Pistol Training All male sLiulents inteiested in the University iiistol team may apjily for entrance into the first novice jnstol group of the summer tcini. A chaige of fifty cents is made to cover the cost of ammunition, but no charge is made for the instruc-
tion.
The instructions arc given four night.s a week for two week.s and as many groups arc scheduled as are necessary to lake care of all the applicants.’ Those men showing .naikcd jiiogiess in the novice pistol filing arc chosen as new mcnilicis for the University pistol
team.
Dining the jiast season the Varsity Pistol Team won twenty and lost four matches. The team look second iilaec in the Indiana Slate Pistol matches and second place in the National Collegiate Match. The freshman team ivon nine out of Lon matches. Classified Ads
Typewriters ArlrlTrij? Machines, all sold, rcntMl, ropairerl, anrl purchased. Mlrrif— okCiai>h woik tloiH'. ( J Ebeibhoir, 605 Main,
LafayclU*. Phone 2770.
Gimlet Club: Mcetiiii' Wednesday, May 27 at 7 ;30 p.m at the Phi Kappa Phi house. New pledges will be chosen so he there.
— FRASER
Registration Workers: Students who worked for the Registrar during registration on May i and 5, 19'12, may obtain their checks by calling at the Regiutrar’a olTice.
—STONE
AH Military Students: Make-up examinations for the removal of "C” grades in Military Training 2, 4, and (» will be given at 1 p.m. Saturday, June 6 in the Armory. All students having “C” grades in these couises must report to the Adjutant, in the main olTice of the Armoiv, prior to 4 p.m. Friday, May 29. for detailed instructions. —RIORDAN Zouaves: Dull s(|uad for Coips Day <lrills, May 28 ami June 2, will be chosen Tuesday, May 26 at 4 p.m. No practice Monday, May 25. —JACKSON CE 41: An cx<imination f(»r the removal of C or I gnukh will be held in room 125, Heavilon Hall, fiom 1:3d to 1 :JI> p.m. on Saturday, June b. Peimissujn to lake the examination must In* obtained from the undersigned before June 4. —GREVE Student Art Guild: All memoers are expected to atteinl tlie Guild met ting Wednesilay, Mav 27, at 7*30 p.m. in room 263 ol the' Union Any students inlcnsted in joining are invited. - FELDER Condition Exams in Math: Examination to rem»)ve grade of C in Math yvill be given on Satmday, June 6. at 2 p.m. in the K( citation building. Permits should he ohlained in Math olliee not later than Wtdntsdav, June 3. AYERS P. 1. A. Ward Chairman: Imiioit.nit meeting Fiidav, May 29, at .5 pm in the ottice. It IS impoitant that all (liaiirueii attend. SI.EEl’ER Physical Fitness Coinmitlcc: Impoitant meeting Thuisdiiv, May 28, at 7*30 pm. in loom 301 in the Union. SI^EEPEU AWS Executive Board: Mtiliiig WidiU'dav. May 27, at 1 p m. in AWS ofTi{<
-CROLL
WAA Golf Tournament: Ibginneis and advained touinaments begin Momlav. June 15. Sign up in the Girls t*.vm GANNON Kcligiuiis Council: Rtgulai Rdigious Council meeting at 7 . .0 p ni We<lnesdu.v, May 27, in room 58 of llu Union
KITGORK
Student War Council: M(*(tliig at 7:30 in Union Oiriee Widnesday, Mav 27. - DEUSTER Cosmopolitan Club: TTu're will be a metling in W(st Facultv Lounge ol Union on Inday. May 20. at 7:30 pm SEEVER AgriciiUurist: Meeting Wtdnesday. Mav 27. at 1 p.m in Agrieultui ist olTiet All Cl)eolation stall ami persims yyhich I coiitacU'd please be there FELIX
Priscilla Lane is co-starred with Robert Cummings in Alfred Hitchcock’s “Saboteur” now playing at
the Mars theatre.
N@W under-arm Cream Deodorant safely Stops Perspiration
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS GRAVES Quality BAKERY
1. Does not roc dresses or men's shirts. Does nor irritate skin. 2. No waiting to dry. Can be used right after shaving. 3. Instantly stops perspiration for 1 to 3 days. Removes odor from perspiration. 4. A pure, white, greaselcss, stainless vanishing cream. 5. Arrid has been awarded the Approval Seal of the American Institute of Laundering for being harmless to fabrics. Arrid is the LARGEST SELLING DEODORANT. Try a jar today! ARRID At all Atoresflelling toilet goo^ 39^ B 1^ (also In 10^ and 69^ jam)
LoBt: Rod
ind 1)1,ick ‘ liiuh Us (kui^c Siu. ph
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Book Store Aerosa From Union "Itfil” SamtnoiiB *29 “Doc
Easy to Follow —this Arthur Murray Step to Daintiness!
8:30 class or 8i30 data, guard your sweetness and charm the way Arthur Murray dancers do—with Odorono Cream. Non-greasy, non-gritty, gentle, no trouble to use— Odorono Cream ends perspiration annoyance for 1 to 3 days! Follow this easy Arthur Murray step to daintinessget Odorono Cream tod^y! 10(5, 39(5, 59^ sizes (plus tax). The Odorono Co., Inc. < New York
Wear them with Pride, CROWN CLEANED CLOTHES
because Crown eleanhig is unexcelled lor (jualily.
All Gariiu'nl.s All Gar in r ii! s (JraiK'd by Grown Arc Molb Proofctl
Everything for a College Education DEAC’S
Crown Laundry
Top of the Hill
GIVES YOU MORE FOR YOUR MONEY
- n
Scaliliarcl and Blade: Imvortant meeting Wi'dncbdny, May 27, at 7::«) p.m. in room 3(M of the Union. New plcdgea will be eliosen and Memorial Day plans will be distUbbed. This will be a alaB meeting.
—SPENCER
Aviation Cadets: The Aviation C:idct Information Bureau for students deairing information regarding Aviation Cadet Training i Defer: ed Service plan or immediate aervice plan) is now located in Room B-4. basement, of the Armory. Hours: Monday, .June 1, 10-tl: Tutsdny, June 2. 1-2; Wednchdav, June 3, 3-4; unci Friday, June 4, 10-11. , -HICKS WAA Tennis Tournament: The following miitehib must lie jilaved oil by Monday, June 1 Ver Moeven \b. Freneb, Steigerwald vs. Monteith, Sehuber vs. Kubenisoenig, Platt vs. Grogan, Jones vs. Fuubtich, Evens vs,,
Heekait, and Smith vs. Bell.
—SCIIUBER
Chemical Engineers: A.I.Ch.E. smoker will lie 111 id Thuisday, June 4. at 7:30 p.m. Ill room ;i7,"i-Jb.J of the Union. Everyone is invited. —MURRILL Town Girls CInb: Important meeting Monday at 1 p m in the East Faculty Lounge of Union lo discubs plans for entertaining and lereiviiig freshman town giilh into the rluh. -AINSWORTH
4''