This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By, and For Students of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
WEDNESDAY February IB, 1938 Lafayette, hidfona VOL 49 No, 112
Fredericks, Forster Win Senior Hanley Contest Winning the final match in the senior division of the Hanley Speedy Contest, J. Wayne Frederkks, varsity debater and sen-, ior public service engineer, also won a year’s subscription to Forum magaziiie and a chance to compete in the interclass rivalry which will be held March 3 in Eliza Fowler Hall. In discussing his subject, “Most Favored Nation,” he spoke in
favor of international trade agreements. Also winning a chance to compete in the final contest with its first and second awards of 50 and 30 dollars respectively, was Hugh Forster, senior PSE, who discussed “Economic Journalism,” pointing out the opportunities that awaited the engineer in the field of technical publications. “Also-rans” in this phase of the contest which was held last night at 7:30 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building were John Smyth, senior ChE; Robert Schlundt, senior EE, Arthur Fisher, senior ME, and J. E. Brock, senior ME. Judges included Chairman Prof. G. A. Hawkins, Prof. A. W. Cole, and Messrs. C. L. Heyerdahl and M. Steer. Six Purdue Boxers Fight For Golden Gloves Tonight Purdue’s hard .hitting Golden Gloves boxers will face their second round of competition in the Lafayette Armory tonight, as they fight for a position on the Lafayette team which will be sent to the finals in Chicago. Six men survived their initial Lafayette engagements last Wednesday, and under the careful tutelage of Coach “Punchy” Maxwell, are in perfect shape for tonight’s contests. Hardesty, Dix and Bacharach who won by knockouts in the first round will fight in their respective weights of 126, 136 and 160 pounds. Lord and Keffaber, 147 pounders, won by knockouts in the second rounds of their bouts last week. Murphy, 126 pound class, and Franklin, 118 pounds, won by decisions in the third round. Lyles won by default, and Mulholland lost; a close decision in three rounds after receiving a broken nose in the first round of his fight. All these boxers, with the exception of Mulholland will probably see action in tonight’s bouts. Graves To Appear On Music Room Program Continuing the Student Union’s series of music appreciation programs, Dr. G. H. Graves, of the University mathematics department, will speak tomorrow night at 7:30 on “The Materials of Composition,” in the music room of the Union. Materials of composition, as related to music, include rhythm, harmony, melody, and tone color. Dr. Graves will illustrate these materials with the aid of recordings and piano selections. Since Monday, 25 w^ter color paintings, belonging to an Ohio water color society, have been on exhibition in the music room. The paintings, whose subjects vary from orchids to shaggy scotties, will remain in the Union until February
26.
Appoint Greenly AVA Committee Chairman Prof. Russell Greenly, University specialist in trades and industry education, has been named to the standing committee of the American Vocational Association. He was also named chairman of the program committee for the association convention to be held in St. Louis, Mo., next December.
Mary Wien’s Pies To Vie For‘Dough’ Mary Wien, junior HE and prominent 4-H Club worker will represent Indiana in a national cherry pie baking contest at Chicago, next Tuesday. The contest is sponsored by the National Cherry Week Committee, and prizes yangiiig from $10 to $100 are offered for the best pies.
Governor Townsend, Dr. Robson Will Address Planning Conference Today Opening- today with an address of welcome by Dean of Engineering A. A. Potter at 10 o’clock in the Memorial Union Building, the Indiana State-wide Planning Conference will offer a two-day educational program at the University, open to “all citizens interested in the planning problems of Indiana.” As a special feature. Dr. William Robson, professor of administrative law at the University of London, has been scheduled to speak at a luncheon in the Union Building at 12:16 today on “Planning in England and Europe.” Governor M. Clifford Townsend and Dr. E. C. Elliott will speak at a banquet which closes the first day’s activities of the conference. The banquet will begin at 7 p. m. in the ballroom of the Union Building and will be presided over by John Wheeler, member of the University board of trustees and chairman of the Indiana State Planning Governor Townsend Board.
Dr. Lillian Gilbreth To Address AAUW Members Tonight Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, Univeisity professor of management, and engineering consultant, will speak to members of the recently graduated group of the AAUW tonight at 7:30 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. Miss Vera Schaaf, of the West Lafayette High School faculty, will review “The Turning Wheels” by Stuart Cloete. Dr. Gilbreth, recently mentioned as one of 12 wopien in the United States capable of holding the office of President, has been a member of the faculty for several years. When she entered the Purdue faculty there were two co-ed engineers. At present 20 girls are enrolled in engi-
This afternoon. Dr. Gilbreth and the co-ed engineers will be the guests of Dean and Mrs. A. A. Potter at tea at the Potter home. Sophs To Act On Cotillion Band Arrangements are under way to obtain a popular mid-western band for the Sophomore Cotillion, scheduled for March 11, according to the report of members of the cotillion committee. Contracts have been sent to the orchestra’s manager in Chicago where the band will play a three weeks’ stand before coming to the Boilermaker campus for the annual underclassmen occasion, sponsored by Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary. Final measures to secure the band ai e pending action of the committee at a meeting to be held tonight. Prof. Hall Will Speak At Indianapolis Meeting One of the speakers at the Social and Educational Conference to be held in Indianapolis, February 23 and 24, will be Prof. O. F. Hall of the University division of education and applied psychology. This meeting, sponsored by the Indiana Farm Bureau, is an annual affair and attracts farm women from all over the state. This year’s theme is “Community Builders” and Professor Hall will develop a phase of this subject.
Holm Dancers Perform
Playshop's Latest Draws Laughs From Attentive Audience By Don Terrio “I’ll Marry The Actress,” threeact farce-comedy of Youth, presented by Playshop in Eliza Fowler Hall. Copyrighted as “Jonesy” by Anne Morrison and John Peter Toohey. Directed by John E. Dietrich, staged by Gilbert Dunbar Williams. CAST
Anne Jones Mildred Klhs Mrs. Jones A Plumber Another Plumber Henry Jones Wilbur Jones Billy Morgan Katie (maid) Laura Lee Iiane Stanly Jackson Mr Silverberg A Policeman
Ruth Bennett Maraorie Blocker Blizabeth Abel Harry Bemman Victor Somogyi Fred Ahrens Benton Bums Don Muller Helen Steffee MurieV Colip Bert Brink Gilbert Devore Louis Juillard
Synopsis: Henry Jones breaks an engagement for his son, Wilbur, with Laura Lee Lane, an actress, because of Mrs. Smith’s distress at her son’s affair with “that woman.” In order to do this Mr. Jones breaks an engagement with Stanly Jackson, the town’s leading business man. After both Mr. and Mrs. Jones have insulted her, Laura Lee turns out to be Jackson’s neice. On this accojint their attitude toward her changes completely, leading up to the final few moments, when Wilbur “fixes” everything
125 Prospective Union Workers Attend Meeting Over 125 freshmen turned out yesterday afternoon at the meeting of prospective Student Union workeis in the Memorial Union ballroom. Union vice-presidents explained the work and distributed lists of the various activities from which each fieshman was asked to select two. The freshmen will be assigned this week to various activities, but those who were unable to attend the meeting may still sign up at the Union office. Grad Offers $135 In Library Contest To the two senior students who, in their four years at Purdue, have foimed the best collection ot technical and non-technical books will be awarded the Winterrowd Contest prizes of $100 and $35. The award is given by William H. Winterrowd, ME ’07. The student’s library will be judged according to the quality of the books, the knowledge the student has of the books, and the number of books the student has purchased for himself. Book lists must be submitted to Dr. H. L. Creek not later than March 1. Winners will be announced at the annual Literal y Banquet the first of May. Pres. Elliott, David E. Ross Return From Michigan President E. C. Elliott and David E. Ross, of the board of trustees, returned Tuesday from Detroit, Mich., where they attended a meeting of a special committee of governing boards of state universities and allied institutions. Representatives of the University of Michigan and Ohio State University were also there. Ross and Dr. Elliott spoke Monday night at a dinner meeting of the DetroitPurdue club which drew 150 persons. Hilton To Judge N.Y. Show Prof. James Hjlton, of the dairy staff, left yesterday for Ithaca, N. Y., where he will judge the dairy cattle show at Cornell University, as a feature of Farm and Home Week.
This sprightly farce-comedy of a boy’s overnight snapping of the apron strings might send shivers down the back of a sophisticate, but correspondingly will warm the heart of the playgoer who simply likes to be entertained by a spontaneous laugh-ci eating production. It is crammed with laugh provoking lines and situations. Fred Ahrens, the father, humanizes his part of the none-too-success-ful lawyer to perfection, stealing the show. At a crucial moment he gains his son’s understanding by unexpectedly treating him as a man. Jonesy Changes Character Jonesy is given a complete change of character during the play, which IS given motivation and brought about so naturally by Benton Burns that it carries true convictidn. Muriel Colip, a^ the simple stagestruck amateur and heiress, helps invaluably in the farcial situations, seeing that everything goes right with her Wilbur. Parents Bewail Errors The whimsical despair of the parents’ bewailing their all-arouiyi comedy of errors is well acted both by Elizabeth Abel and Ahrens. With considerable lack of common sense Mrs. Jones violently attempts to placate the actress and insure a happy ending to the plot. As a unit, the cast fell down at but one point. After a pleased audience applauded for over a minute, the actors failed to appear for a cur-
tain-call.
Frosh Orators Journey To Capitol For Debate Two freshmen debaters. Mack White and Bert Bohlin, comprising the freshmen negative team, last night met the affirmative team of the Indiana Law School at Indianapolis. The outcome was not knowh at the time this paper went to press. The Indiana Law School is scheduled to debate the freshman affirmative team here today. ' The freshmen were accompanied to Indianapolis by R. M. Horn, of the speech department. Reorganized Camera Club Meets Tonight According to an announcement made yesterday by John C. Baker, program chairman of the Purdue Camera Club, the first meeting following the recent re-organization will be held this evening at 7:16 p. m. in room B pf the Union Building. An informal program has been arranged, featuring a round table discussion of various pictures taken by John and Chester Allen, University staff photegraphers.
Seven Graceful Dancers Rdlate Ballet As Spirit Of Age; Leader Comments On Basis Of Various Body Movements
By R. J. Deckard
Six animated Hanya Holm ballet dancers did not whisper in each other’s ear to “Kiss me, I’m a daisy” as they skipped, made flying leaps and resurged falls in Jefferson High School Gymnasium last night. On the contrary, the group related to approximately two thousand students and townspeople a sincere expression of contemporary dance ideals. They represented themselves as the spirit of the age in which they live; their movement was their language.
Dainty blonde commentator Miss Holm explained in the first part of the program the demonstration of dances as the young bodies, with utmost grace and beauty, glided through the air. The pulsating movement of the forms made delighted critics exclaim that the ballet is the way they would like
to dance.
Program In Two Parts The first part of the program was divided into two parts. It was built on a brief presentation of successions of movement based on principles of tension and i-elease, limbering, swing, rhythm and elasticity. The second part dealt with the dance problem present in etudes: the organization of movement by means of direction, floor patterns and dimensions; the significance of height, depth, and emotions. Miss Holm Dances Following the intermission, the dance sextet presented Henry Colwell’s “Salutation” and Riegger’s “City Nocturne.” Miss Holm’s solo dances included “Sarabande” by Harvey Pollins, accompanist for the group, and “Four Chromatic Eccentricities” by Riegger.
Edgerlon To Speak At AZ Open Meeting University Trustee Palmer Edgerton will present his views on “What A Young Man Needs in a College Education” tonight at Alpha Zeta’s first open meeting of the year, at 7:30 in room 1^08 of Agriculture Hall. Alpha Zeta, scholastic agricultural honorary fraternity, sponsors this talk as part of its educational program. Trustee Edgerton, interested in agriculture, is himself the manager of several farms in northern Indiana. WSGACoiiedsLisf Of Co-ed Activities Under the leadership of Dean Stratton, the WSGA Activities Committee is working hard to obtain a complete record of the activities pf every women student during her entire four years of col-
lege.
Members of Mai^garet Jqnes’ committee spend every afternoon interviewing co-eds in the WSGA office in the Union Building. Girls in organized houses are being contacted at their place of residence while the co-eds who are rooming in town are being called into the office by post-card. A three-page student activity leaflet has been mime^ographed and distributed with a letter from the Dean of Women. Film On Mahogany To Be Shown Today In Shops The evolution of an 18th century mahogany table, from rough lumber to the finished product, will be shown in the film, “Master-pieces in Mahogany,” in Michael Golden Shops today and tomorrow at o’clock. This presentation is under the auspices of the practical mechanics depai’tment. The picture, which lasts about 30 minutes, follows the process step by step through the modern laborsaving machinery that is used in the factox’y.
Senior Students' Marital Lectures To Begin Tomorrow “Sociological Aspects of Mar-
riage,” will be the title of the lecture to be given tbmorrow afternoon at 4 in the Education Building by Prof. O. F. Hall as the first of a series of marital lectures for all senior students. The first lecture group, including a talk by Dr. J. A. Estey entitled “Economic Aspects of Marriage,” “Marriage's Legal Aspects” by Attorney Charles H. Robertson, and Professor Hall’s lecture, are open to both men and wom-
en students.
First of the men-only lectures will be presented by Dr. T. B. Rice of the Indiana University School of Medicine on March 8, and will be entitled, “Marriage from the Viewpoint of a Man Physician.” Dr. Elizabeth Straus of Chicago will give the second of the men’s lectures on March 15 when she will speak on “Marriage from the Viewpoint of a Woman Physician.” The series of talks for women is not scheduled to begin until the first week in April. Subjects and speakers have not been definitely ar-
ranged.
All marital lectures will be held in the lecture room of the Education Building at 4 p. m. on the days indicated. After each talk there will be a discussion period. Hoof And Horn To 'Knight Sir Loin' Producer’s Commission Company Manager, Scott Meiks will be the main speaker for Hoof and Horn Club’s historic banquet which wiU be staged in the Home Economics Building oafetenia at 6 tomorrow night. The occasion is in honor of Indiana livestock breeders and the livestock industry, and in this connection animal husbandry students will present the traditional Knighting of Sir Loin. This pageant had its origin in the University animal husbandry department six years ago, and since that time has gained nation-wide recognition and publicity. Professionals enacted it daily at the Chicago Century of Progress Exposition in 1933. The'pageant in which students actually knight a steaming, roasted loin of beef, will take place immediately before the meal. I*lla aa A A New Staff Members Appointment of four new staff members in the University division of education and applied psj^chology for work in the field of voJpational education in agriculture, industry and trades, and home economics was announced yesterday by President E. C. Elliott. Those appointed are Edgar M. Taurnther, of Iowa State College; Joseph Tiffin, of Falls City, Neb.; Bui’tis Carl Lawson, of Fayetteville^ Ai’k.; and Miss Delphia Jeannette Orem, of Dearborn county. It was pointed out the appointments were made possible by the federal aid received'from the DeenGeorge act recently enacted by the Congress to further vocation edncation in co-operating states.r|
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, February 16, 1938
A Professor... ... in the University stated in a lecture last semester that in nearly all cases promotions made m faculties throughout the country were based on the number of books the instructor had written or the amount of research work he had accomplished. What would be the natural reaction of any individual under this system? Since promotions do not depend to a large degree on teaching ability, the average instructor probably spends most of his time writing books or doing research work and devotes very little energy towards improving his teaching ability. As a result, there are numerous faculty members in every university who know their particular courses thoroughly themselves but do not succeed in putting the sub3ect matter across to the class In Europe the situation is just the opposite. The faculty member who ranks high in his profession is the one whose pupils win high honors in academic achievements The result is that the standards of teaching are high, although the schools may not be as well equipped as the American schools. Of course, if the universities gave all their attention to instruction and neglected research very little progress would be made in the world and th6 instructors would be teaching the same thing year after year. A better balance between research and teaching should be kept, however, than exists at present. When departmental tests are given and one instructor’s classes repeatedly rank lower than the other classes something is radically wrong with his teaching methods and some action should be taken. Likewise, when an instructor succeeds exceptionally well in teaching a subject he should receive a little more credit than he now does.—C. D. S.
the Purdue Exponent
MEMBER ^eeciated @b!tediate '^rcss MADISOH WISCONSIN Entered ns second class matter at the ]post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Coneresa of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Campus subscriptions $8 per year, by mail |8.60. REPRESENTED POR NATIONAl. ADVERTISINS BV National AdvertisIngService, Inc. College Publishers Refiresentatwe 420 Madison Ave New York N Y CHICAGO Boston Los Angeles San Francisco
Editor-ln-CMet R. P. Manion
Basinem Manager D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor ~ _ - J. E. Brock Associate Editors DA. Bailey. L. S Hardin, C D Schroeder, H I Stanback, D R Vance Editor’s Secretary „ Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager— National Advertising Manager Local Advertising Manager Circulation Manager —
__J, P Girard W J. Gillilan B. R Hensler M C. Reeves
CO-ED STAFF
Editor Associate Editors
Elizabeth Fyke Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee Assistants—Sally McKee Dorothea Justin, Joy Johnson, Betty Wickard, Georgeann Schilling, Emily Sawdon, Joan Wimborough, Kay Thrasher, Alice Martens, Jane Briscoe, Mane Butz Georgia Carroll Bib Pyke Beth Simpson and Thelma Goodwin MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayette, Indiana Editorial Phone 5037 Bnsiness Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ssk for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief Night Editor—Hardin Issue Editor—Woodson Wednesday, February 16, 1938
Notices Ko Notices Accepted After 8 pm
Flying Cadet Applicants The special fly ing cadet examining board will be at Purdue from February 21 to 26 Persons interested in taking training as a flying cadet should see me at the Armory before February 21 —HAYFORD
Scabbard and Blade Pledges Obtain dance bids from me at Triangle house before Februaxyi 17 —ROBY
Poultry Club Meeting Februaiy 16 at 7 in Poultry Building Short course members are welcome —JONES
First Aid Club There will be no meeting this week on account of Hanya Holm s modern dance class Februaiy 16 —RUSSELL
Student Housing Investigators All students engaged in or interested in the stu dent housing survey please report to the Union PIA office at 6 46 Wednesday, February 16 —SCHLUNDT
Adult Education Class Prof O F Hall will speak on Conservation of Family Value ’ in room B of the Memorial Union Building at 8 p m February 16 —BOLLMAN
CE 6 Students Students interested in a Summer School course in Surveying 6 should see me in room 102 of the Civil Engineering Building before March 1 —LOMMEL
Registration Helpers Persons who worked for the registrar on February 1 and 2 may get their checks by calling at the Regis strar s office 2 18 biUJNE
Music Room Patrons Students desiring certain selections on the daily music loom programs of recordings may put then con tributions in a box to be placed in the music room 2 18 —WOOD CABONARGI
Purdue Flying Club Meeting in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineei mg Building Thursday February 17 at 7 30 p m —SKINNER
WSGA Very important meeting Wed nesday February 16 at 7 45 p m in the WSGA office STEWARl
PIA Dance Class Beginners sign up aftei’ 4 p m in PIA office by Thursday Feb ruaiy 17 i —CLYMER Union Workers Our committee meet in Union office Wednesday February 16 at 4pm —HARPER CABONARGI MASON WOOD
Of Thee I Sing Rehearsal for principals and all choruses except eight show girls in the tower room of the Uhion Wednes day February 16 at 7 p m —WORCESTER
Wesley Foundation Morning Watch Ser vice Thuisday February 17 at 7 30 Evan Kendall leader —PARSONS
Flying Club Members will meet in room 108 of ME Building Thursday February 17 at 7 16 p m —DOSTAL
Hanya Holm Dancing Lessons All those who signed up please be dressed and in the Women s Gym by 7 30 p m Wednesday February 16 —HARRY
Freshman Union Workers The following fieshmen repoit to committee chairmen in Union ballroom at 4 p m February 16 Cabonargi H Kiick H Wyzykowski A B Clark D T Dram G K Smith F T Sargmson R Ross H Layson W A Gil jander Millholland D J Walsh J A McKee P R Jordan J Easley R E Jansong R C Newman J E Seifert J Fletcher S R Dies Harper R J Katfield R N JJunham B N Morgan J N Brooks J R Stoims B Hosier R Bates R H Kilgore C S Smgei Taylor G F Moore D W Miller E M Luedeka H Heckel M E Keane A C Stone T P Coopei R Greenfield V O Droege Samuelson J E White R R Price E C Aldrich J C Van Camp W S Baker R H Bergstedt R C Sogge H Chalberg R O Potter W D Archibald Jacobson J T Moore W T Keenan P Smyth C E Micheli E E Butlei W Guard W R Crow J W Chester E Stonei R P Biatten L J Brodd Matthews N O Gaddis K M Edwards A Beddoe Q Muellei W O Huls M Cash S N Wheeler J R Ouiand R Tilt O Logan Mason D E Boynton J E Galligan P P/arl r W Baker C N Jackson D Liebengood D C Sloan D F Mattm zley J A Hays W C Mossberg A A Yankowski J N Cook Wood Catherine Davis Paula Zwierlien Jane Stickler Lois Voelkel Ann Lormg Lois Randolph Marge Seibert Janice Ren ick Mai y Thomppop Eastburn Virginia Royce Violet Honor off Rosemary Fell June Sutei Maiy Lou Dunlap Barbaia DePew Geoigialee Wei gel Thelma Bugher Fairie Totten Elise Jacobson Crossman Ruth bwiii isaierio Arm strong Marguerite Gustatson Caiolyn Keeslmg Jetta Kesler Alice Newton Doi othy Holden Yvonne Holden Gladys Cox Turner Phyllis Shake Bettie liass Bar baia Wairen Lena Hibbs Thelma Good man Jean Jones Jeanne Chandlei Maltha Limpers Dorothy Eberhardt
Camera Club Meeting m loom B of the Union Building Wednesday February 16 at 7 15 p m Second semester dues now due Committee chairmen report at 7 p m —WEST
WAA Fencing Meet m Women s Gym at 4pm Wednesday Februaiy 16 Import ant that all be present DANIEL Newman Club All girls wishing to have dates arranged lor the dance Friday Feb ruary 18 call Helen Beko 35022 Boys wishing dates call Jim Von Harz 6021 OllEN WELLER
Purdue Riding Club Important meeting Thursday February 17 at 7 30 p m m Student Union office —SUMMERS
WAA Volleyball Theie will be no class games Wednesday February 16 —RODERICK
Playshop Board Members Mfit on the stage in Fowler Hall at 6 o clock Wednes day February 16 —SMALL Sigma Delta Chi Impoitant meeting in Union Exponent office Wednesday Febru ary 16 at 7 p m —FORSTER Alpha Zeta Open meiting in room 108 of Ag Hall at 7 30 Wednesday February 16 —UNDERWOOD OUder Club Mimbers Will please be in room 108 of the ME Building at 7 16 p m Thursday February 17 Short meeting after Prof K D Wo ids talk MORGAN Ceres No meeting this wetk February 16 21 -IirNHY
Ti-. we^ JEAN MUIR —PLUS— ‘WILD WESl DAYS” SERIAL —also— ‘COLOR CLASSIC” C\RrOON
By Sally McKee Intel luptions—some people don’t mind being inteirupted, others dislike nothing moie But undei any condition it is not good manneis The woist inteiiupter Is ne wno will dash full speed ahead into a loom and stait a conversation of his own without knowing oi evei find mg out that a conveisation has been in progiess Such an inteiiupted conversation may nevei be com pleted Another buttei in is he who can not contain himself ovei an addi tional opinion He must express himself not a minute latei than now The most unfoigivable inteirup tion, perhaps, is that ol the peison who intends to show his mteiest and agieement with the speakei by his inteiiuption His leal intention IS kind, but his method ot showing it IS DdU Undei any condition, think twice befoie you inteiiupt
All This Week
Palm trees whisper soft breezes play and in each othei’s arms Terangi and Marama find peace and contentment’
with DOROTHY LAMOUR JOHN HALL MARY ASTOR
—PLUS— POPEYE CARTOON
Spudsie-jug Mueller, house manager for the Sigs, out to cut down the electric bill has a system. He sneaks into rooms, and if he finds the lights burning and no one there, he writes on books in chalk a message something like this. “10 p m three lights burning, you *7*&*7) And so they call him “Lights Out” Mueller. The Interfrateinity Ball Committee IS still trying to figure it out . where all the people came from after the advance ticket sale was so small The Debris beauties went down to Indianapolis Saturday to get pictures taken all dolled up in purty clothes. Heck, we’d just as soon see ’em in bathing suits . . . but on second thought, maybe not. From a fiaternity story of a coming national convention—“such a meeting olfers a rare opportunity foi the hi oademng of our horizon of acquaintance ” If we know anything about national conventions, they do not mean “horizons of acquaintance,” they mean “horizontal acquaintance ” Ron Murray, Triangle prexy, won a total of 150 beers from his brothers Sunday morning by running 100 times around their block m four hours Starting at five seconds to 8, he fell across the finish line lust five seconds to 12 The boys at the Phi Kappa Sig ma house are proud of Ed Kelly’s latest telegram It leads To My Valentine You’ve put my heait m such a
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘Well?—are you coming along quietly, or de we have to use force ?”
flutter I wfie the love my lips would uttei ” Your Alpha Chi Sweetheart (Special Western Union two-bit valentine rate)
Funny Things Seen Around the Campus Department In Tommy Johnston’s office, where news and publicity abound, IS a door-stop metal elephant. But close inspection shows that the elephant^is a cigaret roller-uppei and to loll a cigaret, you, of all things, twist the elephant’s tail
Yes, one nevei knows about these things, does one’
I AM REGISTERED AT THE UNION" is usually said witli more ian pride. Often if means joy for the loving care and THOUGHTFULNESS of Someone Who Wants His Guest to Have THE BEST Telephone and Bath in Every Room THE UNION CLUB JPuL fijuUidlUL WsmuhioL lAniofL Corner of the Campus-^Yet the Center of Activities
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Latest News Comedy
—STARTS tomorrowdouble FEATURE PAT O’BRIEN JOAN BLONDELL in BACK IN CIRCULATION —plus— THE WRONG ROAD with RICHARD CROMWELL Helen Mack Lionel Atwill
—LAST DAY— SriCAN’TIHJ^E A MAN I CAN LOVE?'^
TOMORROW — FRIDAY HUMPHREY BOGART PRANK McHUGHWednesday. February 16^ 1938
THE PIJRDUE EXPOl^l^
BASKETBALL —Today — Court 1—Igney 7:00—Cary Hall North 1 vs. Cary Hall North 2. 7;1B—Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Triangle. (Class B). 8:25—Sigma Chi vs. Sigma Pi (A). Court 2—Mann 7:00—Cary Hall East 1 vs. Cary Hall North 3. 7:15—Phi Gamma Delta vs. Tau Epsilon Phi (B). 8:25—Kappa Delta Eho vs. Alpha Gamma Rho (A). Court 3—Aronson 7:00—Cary Hall East 2 vs. Cary Hall East 3. 7:16—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Sigma Chi (B).
Frosh Cagers To Face Varsity In Practice Tilt In an effort to gain experience playing on the Pieldhouse floor, as well as to give the Varsity some stiffer-than-usual competition, the freshman net squad will form the opposition for the Varsity in this afternoon’s practice. The freshman squad has been divided into two tearii4 which will play in a pi-elim-inary game at the Ohio State-Pur-due tilt next Monday, and the practice has been arranged to provide an opportunity for the freshmen to familiarize themselves with the Fieldhouse floor before the game. The practice will be open to students.
Co-eds May Still Enter Beginners'Swim Class Beginning co-ed swimmers may still enter the Wednesday and Friday swimming classes This is noncredit course directed by Miss Marion Russell. The classes meet at 4 o’clock in-the Memorial Gym pool. For intermediate swimmers, there will be classes at 2 o’clock Tuesday and Thursday. Gii-ls interested in either senior life-saving or Red Cross examiners’ certificates will have a class Monday at 4. This is to be a one-hour credit course.
5^18-520 Main
DECKER’S We Carry a Complete Line of I.E.S. Lamps
Phone 6477
We Carry an I.E.S. Lamp for Every Purpose H. G. (beac) Reisner
See Us for a Large Variety of Indirect Lamps SOUTHWORTH’S
50 ROTC Boxers Survive
Seven Boilermaker Teams Scheduled To See Action This Friday And Saturday In addition to the basketball squad which will be striving to regain its scoring stride in a return game at Wisconsin on Saturday night, all seven of the Boilermaker indoor sports t^ms will see action this week-end. The track team will draw the home headlight as they play host to Wisconsin and Chicago
in a novel triangular meet. The triangular meet with the Maroons and Badgers on Saturday night at 7:30 will mark the first intercollegiate use of the eight-laps-to-a-mile track in the Fieldhouse. Another home attraction will be provided by the wrestling squad as it gets its first taste of Big Ten competition when it goes to the mat with Chicago Friday afternoon. The fencing squad will attempt to win its sixth victory in eight starts when it meets the Chicago team here Saturday. In addition to the net squad, road engagements will find the water polo and swimming teams in Chicago and squash racquets team in a return engagement with the Indianapolis Athletic
Club at Indianapolis.
fielder’s choice
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main street. LOST—Silver cigarette case with initials H.G.N. $5.00 reward. Phone 5071. Newhall. FOR RENT—Student room adjoining bath. Corner of State and Grant. 401 State street. FOR SALE—Tuxedo suit. Size 37, good as new. Phone 7365. 812 Ferry street. LOST—Slide rule and case with name on each. R. B. Wiltshire. Call 5071.
LEARN TO DANCE ADULT BEGINNER’S CLASS Opens Tonight 7:30 P. M. New Advanced Class open FRIDAY, FEB. 18, 7:30 P. M. Phone 2150 ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Coach Phillips has some good ideas which he is going to put in effect in the near future which will give Purdue followers a real show . . . Phillips built the Butler Relays up from scratch and is determined to put Purdue on the map as far
as track is concerned.
—^fc—
The triangular meet bringing together Purdue, Northwestern, and Wisconsin next Saturday is an example oUhow Phillips is going to meet the demands of Boilermaker faps who have, for quite some time, turned up their noses at the Pui*due track meets . . . The meet is something entirely new for Purdue and the rest of the United^ States and is the result of an idea started
in England.
—^fc—
Everything depends upon team play . . . the 440 will not be run as individual competition, but a mile relay with the winning team getting the points rather than the outstanding individual runner . . . Likewise, the three Boilermaker high jumpers didn’t jump six feet one, five feet eleven, and five feet ten inches, but Purdue as a team jumped 17 feet 10 inches. —^fc— - We’re looking forward to the Wisconsin game Saturday. . . Johnny Sines, who hasn’t looked at his best since he came back from the coast, seemed plenty good in practice last night... If the boys come back and win this game (which will be as hard as any they have had here lately, and it will take a mighty nicely played game to win) they will have a fair chance of winning the conference title. WAA Baskefball Results In the WAA bas.ketball games played last night Ward 2 defeated WRH South by a score of 53 to 4; WRH North won over the Pi Phi’s 38 to 22; the Kappa’s forfeited their game to the Alpha Xi’s, and the Thetas forfeited to the Chi O’s.
Fifty military boxers survived the opening round of the annual ROTC boxing tournament yesterday afternoon in the Armory. Out of the 300 freshmen entered in the tourney, only a sixth were able to stand up under the onslaught of flying fists. A majority of the bouts turned out to be slugfests with very little science being used by any of the boxers. The idea of each contestant seemed to be to knock out his opponent by brute strength instead of catching him off guard. Although the bouts were fast and rough, very few injuries were received by any one man. Six Boots At One Time 9ix bouts were being held at every moment of the elimination. Contestants were diAnded into eight classes according to their weights, and fought until they were either defeated or given the right to go into the semi-finals. The definite date of the semi-final matches has not been decided upon, but Lt. Col. J. A. Pickering plans to hold the matches some time near February
24.
In the 115 pound class, four men were placed in the semi-final bracket without holding the elimination bouts. J. L. Grubbs, H. E. Freeman, W. B. Morgan, and L. H. Curtner were the only men to enter in this weight and therefore the preliminaries were not held. Survivors Remaining in the tourney for further elimination are the following: 126 pound class, M. S. Jones, W. Robson, M. K. Hawlett, and M. S. Keenman; 135 pound class, G. W. Marson, C. E. Meyer, H. F. Poll, T. O. Marshall, K. K. Danton, and J. P. Ryan. Heavyweights were J. N. Maudlin, T. H. Mahn, K. L. Thayer, B. S. Tackewicz, and J. E. Seymour. Victors in the 175 pound division were J. H. Winchell, T. P. Axton, M. Byelene, D. L. Yeager, and J. B. Hertzing. Boxers in the 160 and 145 pound classes were unable to finish all of their elimination bouts because of the number of men entered in these divisions. The remaining men in these divisions will finish the first round eliminations Thursday at 4 o’clock in the Armory.
A Ji'W ^ * LXXV
ruraue Cixpunent
Service Directory
Bookstores
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
SOUTHWOKTlrS Everything for the Purdue Student
PROFESSIONAL The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. RODERT G. RISK , DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & M^in Phone 5701
Beauty Studio • EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE • Co-ed Special, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
— Harduare — EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE s PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERBHDW. « 822 MAIN — Furniture — Student Equipment Saxfiii J'UJmiiuM Qo. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728 — Barbers — MODEL BARBER SHOP 222 No. *5th Street Lafayette “THREE GOOD BARBERS” — Locksmith —
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key and lock service our L. C. N. Door Closer Distributors, 208-211 N. 5th St., Phone 2828
HE WON! They all laughed when he sat down to write an entry for the Basketball Contest. It was easy for him. It will be more easy for you.
Nathan Francini Eminent European Violinist Will Give Instruction in
VIOLIN — at — Allen Dance Studios Sixth and Ferry Streets Enroll Thursday, Feb. 17_ SPECIAL OFFER! Two weeks tree instruction to beginners and advanced students. A full and partial scholarship will be offered to the one showing the most ability. Prof. Seviik, master of Kubelik. Zlmballst, Spaulding says: "Nathan Francini, studied under my leadership from 19Z3 till 1927. During this Hme he has thoroughly learned my principle and therefore'has the ability to establish himself as an exponent of my method." PHONE 2150mm
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, Febraary 16f, 1938
500 MAIN ST
CLOTHES SHOP INC.
CHICAGO vs. ILLINOIS
In picking basketball teams — You can’t go wrong with Purdue. Seniors! Protect your education INDIANA vs. MINNESOTA You will also pick a winner When you insure with The Lafayette Life Insurance Company A Mutual Old Line Company
Here's a sale you can't afford to miss! A .year 'round favorite in Double the Usual Quantity . . . buy boxes and boxes for future use and for gifts. 200 SINGLE SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES OR 100 DOUBLE SHEETS 100 ENVELOPES
$1
Ryitx OOUIILE iUil PRINTED stationery 2.44<i4d4tif PURDUE vs.
Printed with Monogram or Name and Address. Fine quality paper. . . checked in appealingly fresh pastel shades of Blue, Ivory, Green or Orchid. If you have a constantly changing address may we suggest the smart Monogram style . . . but whichever style you prefer you'll want to take advantage of this remarkable sale of Rytex Double Check in Double the Usual Quantity. A $2 value for $1. HAYWOOD'S Sth and Ferry Streets Lafayette, Ind. WISCONSIN..
IOWA . . . vs. NORTHWESTERN Like Cedric, you too can be saved. Only don't let the damages on your car catch up with you like this fire has caught Cedric. Have your car checked regularly at— Peter Anderson Co.
24 Hour Service
Phone 4048
525 Alabamai St.
PICK THE WINNERS Qd&IfL (hvaJidA.1 Here’s your chance to show just how much you know about picking Basketball scores. To make this contest even more interesting the EXPONENT is offering prizes of $3.00, $2.00, and $1.00 for the best three entries. Pick and win! Send your..entry today. CONTEST RULES 1. Using your ability and any scientific method you may have, estimate the scores of the ten basketball games found in the advertisements on this page. ‘ 2. Write in twenty-five words or less, “Why I Think I Should Patronize Local Merchants.” 3. The decision of the judges shall be final. In case of ties duplicate prizes will be awarded. 4. Entries will be judged on accuracy, originality, and neatness. 5. Contests will be run every week through the Purdue 1938 basketball season. Entries must be in the EXPONENT office by 5 p. m. each Friday. 6. Scores must be on clipping of the contest page, or pages; or a reasonably exact facsimile thereof. 7. Entries will be received only if mailed by Campus Mail, left at the Union Desk, or left at the EXPONENT office. Address all entries to Local Advertising Manager, Purdue Exponent. 8. Results will be announced in the EXPONENT. 9. Members of the EXPONENT Staff, EXPONENT employees, or their families are not qualified for entry.
LAST WEEK'S PRIZE WINNERS First Prize—Award of $3.00 HOMER FORBES 690 Waldron Street, West Lafayette Second Prize—Award of $2.00 CLARK C. HOFF 517 West Wood Street, West Lafayette Third Prize—Award of $1.00 LEONARD HAVERKAMP 215 Chauncey Street, West Lafayette '■ Honorable Mention W.W. Johnston James Edward Taylor J. B. Ortman
Smash Hits! In Men’s Suits, Sweaters, Topcoats, Overcoats, Shirts and numerous other accessories. Only the latest styles are to be seen at
MICHIGA-N
vs. WISCONSIN
'^uUioKL.
INC.
In the Village
Watches—Diamonds—Jewelry
'iers cJUunck
ee\
420 Main Street
INDIANA ... vs. NORTHWESTERN ..
Everything for a College Education
CHICAGO vs. IOWA ..
H.G.(Deac)Reisiier College Bookstore
While you’re thinking about which teams will win, drop in for a chop steak and root
Bert
Triple XXX
OHIO STATE vs. PURDUE
These Deluxe Best Sellers Sold Up to $25. Which Do You Want For $119-$1.98 Canterbury Tales — Goeffrey Chauncer. ' Book of Culture — Ethel Peyser. Travels of Marco Polo —Manuel Komroff, Droll Stories — Honore de Balzac. Graphic Arts. /, ■ ’ ' Story of the Human Race — Henry Thomas. Travelers Library—W. Somerset Maugham. The Garden —Month by Month —Mabel Sedwick. Book of Old Ships — Henry Culver. These Will Help You Win the WINTEROWD CONTEST OHIO STATE vs. ILLINOIS
SOUTHWORTH'S West Lafayette
4