Thti Frosh were busy boys and girls yesterday. Read how.
Rrdu JUf / J^<Ot^l7€/e«f /tt /S8^
Tho WeafiMrs Thk h U* * fayette—yoa gaotol
jQaf/y SftfC^ /^08
Voliune 52. No. 38
West Lafayette. Indiana
Wednesday. October 23. 1940
Frosh Elect Officers, End Speech Contest Playshop Opens Fall Season Clifford, Harris Military Offkers Zlssls Wins HayesClip * J/• J' Win Potter Offices ToHoid Annual In Uth Annual Contest I OniQllt WIIm jUSdR AnCl ilOU
Progressive candidate Bob Clifford was elected president of Green Potters, freshman men’s organization, at the annual election held yesterday afternoon in the Union lobby. The other three ofiSces also went to Progressive nominees as they , polled 311 straight votes to 112 for the Boilermaker party. A total of 493 votes were cast, over one hundred more than last year. Totals Clifford defeated Peter Schwab for the presidency, 342 to |60. Jack Harris was chosen vice-president by a vote of 344 to 146 for Bob Bachmann. RobertKJsacke won the office of secretary over John Houston, ^ ' 352 to 137. Treasurer went to Fred Meyer who defeated J. Lewis Gard- ^ ner, 360 to 141. The election was conducted by the Student Senate under the sponsorship of Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary. Polls were open all day, from 8 a. m. until 6 p. m., but voting was slack until late afternoon. Four Cary Hall freshmen just managed to get under the wire with a breathless rush to the polls at one minute till six. f.i.j. Student Union Issues Final Call-out Today For Soph Workers “Final call-out for sophomores • desiring to work on the Student Union will be today at 4:15 p. m. in room 365 of the Union,’’ stated Bill Huls, Union executive. All sophomores interested may attend. Office clerical work, back drop painting and the planning of Union receptions and dances are a few of the duties assigned to the sophomores. This work will be carried out under the direction of the various vice-presidents in charge of the sophomore committees. At the end of the year sophomores are eligible for any of the fourteen positions as Union vicepresidents. Advancement is made in accordance with the merit of the work done by the sophomore 4hJ^big the year. All workers receive keys and during the year are entertained I at Union worker tea dances, j.r.g.
Smoker Tonight The annual^ROTC smoker will he held this evening in the north ballroom of the Union. The purpose of the meeting will be to acquaint the junior cadet officers with the seniors of the corps, and to introduce to all of the cadet officers the new members of the instruction staff. Majors E. H. Hicks, W. A. Ray, and W. D. Williams. The group will be entertained with a talk by Colonel D. M. Beere, P.M.S. & T of the Purdue corps, and motion pictures in color of life at ROTC camp this summer. Following the movies, cadet officers G. A. Hesterberg and B. W. Gebson, representing camp batteries A and 'b, will debate on the respective merits of the two. Tickets and imiforms are not required, w.m.c. J. R. Slayter Speaks On 'Fibreglass'At AI Ch E Meeting James R. Slayter, ChE, ’21, vicepresident of the Owens-Corning Fibreglas corp., lectured last night to an audience of 150 persons on “Fibreglass.” Last night’s lecture in the EE Building was sponsored by the AIChE. Fibreglass is a fibre made from glass, the original plastic. Dating back as far as 6000 B. C. Glass has been termed the “invisible servant of man,” and now, Fibreglass is beginning to make this name true to a greater extent. The toughest problem in the field of glass textiles was^ts high abrasion characteristics, and it was solved by diligent and careful research. Slayter compared industry to a three-legged milking stool with research, manufacturing, and sales as the three legs. Research is further divided into two kinds: basic research, such as is carried on by a university for the knowledge. derived, and industrial research, carried out by a company for an objective use. In five or six more years, Fibreglass textile products will be competing on the regular market with ordinary textile products, according to the predictions of Slayter, who was the research pioneer in this^ new manufacturing tield. c.a.s.
New Physics Building To House Van de Graaf Atom Smasher
^ By E. W. Nordlinger When A. E. Kemmer was awarded the contract for the construction ^ of a new university Physics building, the student body read the announcements twice. Even though they were surprised, pl(anning had started two years ago. The building will be five floors high situated on the Mall and North4 western Avenue. Its exterior appearance will closely reseinble the nearby Chemical and Metallurgical V building. One prominent instrument in the new unit will be the high-pressure g Van de Graaf for atom smashing. It will be the full height of the building. The spectroscopic diffraction grating will be another instru4 ment which has not been available in the present building. Because of lack of space the famed university ^ cyclotron has' not been working to its maximum capacity. When it is moved this atom smashing machine will he fully protected with water, * so maximum neutron radiation will be possible. Dr. C. K. Stedman of the physics department has helped the architect
in planning a well equipped accoustic laboratory. It will contain a reverberation chamber to measure the absorption of accoustic materials. In the next room will be the “dead” chamber where sound absorption will be 99 per cent. The capacity of the research and senior X-ray lahs will be doubled. Another improvement will be a separate student instrument shop and a high precision instrument shop. Added space for the electron diffraction lab will increase the facilities for this branch * of research. The arrangement of. space for teaching undergraduate physics is much improved. On the first floor six engineering physics lahs are centrally located around the storeroom and'bn the second floor there is a corresponding arrangement of three labs for the Science and Home Economics physics courses. There is a main lecture room with a seating capacity of 300 and a smallef one of 100 seats. The number of recitation rooms is doubled. A large amount of unassigned space on the third floor is available for future ex-
George Zissis, speaking on “Japan’s Challenge to the United States,” last night won the fourteenth annual Beveridge speech contest for freshmen and received permanent possession of the Hayes cup. Cary Hall West received the Ankeny cup for the second consecutive time. The trophy is given each year to the organization whose representatives in the contest earn the greatest number of total points. In his winning speech, Zissis pointed ou^ that we must again make a decision which we hadi once made before; that of taking a strong stand against the Totalitarian powers, or an attitude of appeasement toward Japan. He suggested a strong stand against Japan and her allies, Germany and Italy. Places Second Guy Besnard, in his second place speech, spoke from personal experience on the corruptness of the French government and how this serious condition lead, to tlje fall of Prance as a nation. He begged the youth of this nation, as future voters, to select this year the men whom they think will best serve their country and keep from the United States the conditions which lead to the end of the third French republic. Six Challenges Gilbert E. Champan, as third man, gave “A Challenge to Youth,” or truthfully six challenges which we must heed if we are to regain our prosperity and equality. Chapman said we should be thankful that we have at the head of the national government a man who is sensible and looking out for the welfare of the people rather than a (Continued on page 4)
Thonias, Baritoni Will Sing For Second Convo In Music Hall John Charles Thomas, internationally known baritone soloist, will sing at the second regular convocation of the year tomorrow night at 8 o’clock. The doors will open at 7 :^5 p. m. Thomas, bom in Pennsylvania, a
.TKHjr—r-— r,
John Charles Thomas
clergyman’s son, showed an outstanding talent for music. He began to study the finer arts after (Continued on pkge 4)
Alumni Banquet Friday Night Honoring Class, Team Of '15 Opens Homecoming Homecoming will actively open Friday ni^t at 6 o’clock when alumni, faculty, students and townspeople gather in both ballrooms of the Union for the Annual Alumni Banquet; this year in honor of the class of 1915. Henry Roberts, ’12, of Indianap-
olis will serve as toastmaster; President E. C. Elliott will speak; the 1916 football team will be guests of honor on their silver aimiversary. Senior members of the team in 1915 will be given silver football trophies. Wisconsin gradilates on the University staff and in the city will occupy a table to themselves, with L. S. Winch, of the speech department, as their spokesman, Lou Breese and his orchestra will furnish dinner music, and the University Glee Club will present a 16minute program.
At 8:30 the banquet will close with the entrance of the University Military Band, and a procession, lead by the band, from the ballrooms to the Wisconsin pep session parade. Students, faculty and townspeople are welcome to attend, E. B. Baugh, alumni secretary, said last'night. Tickets are on sale at the West Union Desk, Deac’s, Southworth’s,-’Deckers, and Kienly’s for $1.00. The Homecoming mixer will start at 9:16 with Lou Breese and his orchestra in charge of swing. j.a.p.
pansion.
Gold Peppers Meet; Plan Balloon Sale, Yell Leaders Outfits Gold Peppers, senior women’s honorary, held a meeting yesterday afternoon to discuss its plans for the homecoming game this Saturday. Peggy Terstegge, committee chairman in charge of providing uniforms for the three co-ed yell leaders, announced that the girls would wear black whipcord slacks and gold sweaters. Balloons for the game will be available at the stadii;un and on the street comers Saturday, according to Augusta Herdt who is in charge of the sale. Over sixteen hundred orders have already been placed by various fraternities, sororities, and dealers, for these balloons. It was also announced at the meeting that members of Gold Peppers womd sit together at the game as much as possible. f.i.j.
Get General Admission Tickets At Door; Others Nearly Gone The curtain goes up tonight on “Susan and God,” first Playshop production of the year, with the veteran east under the direction of Kenn Carmichael.
Co-op Group Elects Myers, ChE'41, To Presidency Larry Myers, ChE ’43 was elected president of the Midwest Federation of Campus Co-ops at the annual convention of the organization which was held last week-end in the Morrison Hotel, Chicago. He will preside as president of the federation which comprises one of the "largest campus co-op organizations in the country. At the present, the Midwest chapter, of which Purdue is a member, has about four thousand members. Well Attended Eighteen colleges and universities were represented at the convention. Current problems of campus and state co-ops were fully discussed. Purdue* Co-ops were well represented at the convention, having ten delegates from the University present. Students who participated in'^he meeting were: Amy Myers, Larry Myers, Jane Home, John De Le Croix, Marguerite Harpster, John^Zinski, Edwin Thorasbury, Rush Armstrong and 'Vernon Gable. Students attending the meeting discussed possibilities of forming co-operative book stores, food purchasing agencies, dry cleaning establishments, service stations catering to students and faculty members and other organized units which could possibly result in some saving on the part of the student. The delegates at the cenvention decided to accept an invitation extended to the group by the Purdue delegation to have the next meeting convene on this campus. The meeting will be held early next April. j.f.z.
Every season ticket has been sold and only a few seats for this performance are left. General admission tickets may be bought at the door the nights of the play. The doors will be opened at 7 o’clock Wednesday and Thimsday nights and at 7:30 Friday and Saturday. , Distinctly Different “Susan and God” is definitely a play different from the usual *run of the mill’ productions. The heroine is not the tsrpical, romantic type and the play is centered around religion. While the treatment of religion on the stage is not, of course, a new idea, it still is unusual enough to be interesting. The producer, John Golden, says of the play, “Here is truth, humor and drama too, tense and glowing, with that one great predominating character—new to the theatre—a creature at once lovable and detestable, selfish and generous, siUy and profound, stupid and brilliant and with all these paradoxical mixtures, a human and adorable personality. Intelligent Fool “This Susan so aptly described by Miss Crothers, the playwright, as an ‘intelligent fool’ is obsessed with this new idea that she wants to ‘Give! Give! Give!’—^to all her ifriends. She has formd what to her is something new and beautiful. She believes that a frank confession of trivial sins would be so ‘very nice’ for jthe'soul that everybody should indulge in it. Certainly, it is someContinued on page 2) Dad's Day Tickets ... for the Indiana football game, November 23, were a complete sellout at 6 p. m. yesterday, two hours after they went on sale. Limited to four hundred, there were not nearly enough to satisfy the demand and disappointed students were still leaving the Student Union office at six o’clock.
Rubinoff, Concert Violinist, Appears Here For Short Recital
Wesley Foundation Plans Hallowe'en Party Friday Wesley Foundation, Methodist Church student organization, will sponsor a Hallowe’en party from 7:30 to 9:30 o’clock Friday evening at the church on the corner of Main and South streets. The party will be open to any students who care to come and; the price will he 16 cents per couple or 10 cents per person, John Woliung, representative of the foundation, said last night. - “Ghost Walk” and other attractions will be featured, and there will be plenty of refreshments, Woliung continued. Masking will be optional, but a prize will/bid given to the couple presenting the hest disguise. The party will be over in timf for the couples to attend the Lou Breese mixer in the Union, Woliung stated.
By Ted Novey Two hundred and fifty students, faculty members and visitors were thrilled yesterday by the music of Rubinoff and his violin in the Music room of the Union during a special fifteen minute program on station WBAA. J Rubinoff was accompanied by dramatic songstress, Bernice Claire, and concert pianist, Solis, who also took part in the program. Rubinoff Takes Over Dramatic silence greeted the famous violinist as he entered the roOm ten minutes before he was to go on the air. Carrymg his priceless Stradivarious violin in an alligator skin case, Rubinoff took over the scene completely as he rearranged the piano ahd microphones in order to obtain the balance he wanted. A small man wearing Polaroid glasses, he looked more like a floorwalker getting ready for a great sale, but when he took his violin in his hand and played his theme “Give Me A Moment, Please” he made the audience feel that every note that he drew with the bow had to be perfect. His Composition Bill Fall, WBAA announcer, then announced Rubinoff's selection.
“Dance of the Russian Peasant” and the maestro once more took over. The song is of his own composition and like all of the others he plays, he put his whole body into the piece. Rising slightly on his toes he seemed to force the music out of the violin witl\ his intense concmitration and effort. When the applause had been quelled by the announcer, Bernice Claire stepped forward to sing “Cornin’ Through the Rye.” Her cleverly twirled R’s gave the song a fine touch, but the action that en- < deared her to the audience was the shaking of her fist at RubinofF between the second and third verses when he had been having a whispered bull session on the piano with announcer Dick Pittenegr. To conclude the program Solis played his own unique arrangement of “Night and Day.” His facial eac* pressions during"^he execution of the piece again emphasized the feeding that fine musicians put into their music. Then quickly, just as he came, Rubinoff gathered up his crew, his violin and his script and was on hiS way to his next con<Mrt.\j' ’
PURDUE, EXPONENT
Wednesday* Odiobet 23* 1940
:■ ■ A- ■ ■ B:
St.'
An Indictment Dear Dad, Fof months now I’ve been hearing about this bewildered generation of which I am ja part. For months I have been hearing about the unscrupulousness of nations, of the lack of honor among people in high places. I read every day about the devastating destruction caused by the terrific war machines of greedy nations. And now I’m beginning to wonder what kind of a world Fm living in. Four years ago I started to college to get a degree in engineering. It might have been a degree in medicine—or law—or agriculture but I happened to choose engineering—-maybe because I thought I was fitted for engineering and maybe because I thought I could make a better living. But it wasn’t because I thought the world would be better off because I became an engineer. Not at all! No such ideals. You told me that I should be practical when I chose my life’s work. So I chose engineering. From the time that I entered as a freshman I have buried myself in books. Books on matl^ ematics, chemistry, physics, a few On history, and even one on economics. I studied hard and learned a lot about engineering but damn little about living. I didn’t learn about the Okies, nor the 20 million unemployed, nor about the starving amidst plenty. I learned that at the end of the trail there was a pot of gold and all I had to do was to study hard, make good grades, and then sell myself to some company. If I worked hard at this job some day maybe they would make me general manager or vice-president. And perhaps they will and I’m not bleating because the road is rough and no one is handing me things on a silver platter. That’s the, cry of the dolers. I learned that the way to get ahead is on the shoulders of the man next to me. Yes, that’s what they told me in class. I learned that the only important thing to do is get ahead, damn the method. I learned that the only person or thing that I have to worry about is myself. Nobody said, “Think a little about the men around you—have a little Christian charity— help your fellow men share the wealth and prosperity of this mighty nation. No one told me these things. Dad, but since last June I’ve come to realize them. I’ve come to realize that all this education, this technical progress, this scientific development of the world we live in doesn’t mean a thing because we haven’t learned to live with each other. We have learned all the mechanics of Hying without learning the fundamentals of their application. bad, you were a young man during the last war, you must have felt some of the things that I feel now. You must ha,ve felt that somewhere there was a fallacy in our system if we weren’t teaching in our schools the science of man as well as the science of the machine. I’m planning to graduate next June. Already employers have come to the campus seeking men for important jobs in industry. Not one of them has asked me about my philosophy of life, not one of them asked me if I thought that war was one of the inherent evils of our system; All they wanted to know was whether I was ambitious, did I make’good grades, was I a hard worker. I’m about to become a part of this gfeat inhuman machine called industry and I feel down insMe of me that I am being a traitor to myself to the better things in me and in every man. What the hell kind of an engineer will I be, or for that matter, is any engineer who leaves unsolved the most important problenas in the world to pursue the trail that leads to the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow? In your last letter you called me “unpatriotic” for my stand against war. I say to you. Dad, that is not I who is unpatriotic but you and your generation who didn’t finish the job that was started in 1917. It was you who were unpatriotic and decided to let the world and is troubles shift for themselves after the immediate pressure of the war was gone. It was you who went back to the rainbow trail, believing that things would work themselves out. Is that a scientific attitude? Is it scientific to build a house and then have no one left in the world to live in it? Don't think that I’m being ungrateful for all the things that you’ve done for me. Dad, but I had to get this off my chest. It’s been bothering me for a long time. Let me know hOw you feel about it. Your Son.
The Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail sub. scription $8.60. ^ Editor-in-Chief. K. W. Donahne Business Manager. .....Merle Hagemeyer .. Publication Staff News Editor — .."..J. H. McKee Managing' Editor -...D. K. Heiple Associate Editors : W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L, W. BuSner, B. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Mianager, C. E. Danglemajer ; Accounts Manager, B. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, B. M. Bectenw^d. Co-ed Staff Editor .... ...Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Buth Bose; Donna Siess. Sports Staff Editor...... J. P. Dolan Associate l^itors: J. E. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, X. O. Swaim. Phdnes: Ediorial 4005; Businlm 5038; Sports 2792 ' Bepresented for national advertising by. National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Bepresentatives, 420 Madison Are., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Buifner . Day Editor: Kay Ass’t. Night Ed.: Zinski Night Sports Ed.: Adamson Sophomores: J. F. Amos, E. W. Nordlinger, W. M. Clark, Jean Horr, Mary Boynton, Martha Jane Fox, J. B. Galloway, F. I. Jones, B. B. Bunion, T. E. Novey.
From among the headlines we discovered that: “GOD AND HITLER” WILL DETERMINE TOTAL NUMBER DRAFTED BY ARMY A definite proof that Herr Adolph has come up in the world. We just wonder if he will give the Lord a fair challte to get in a few good licks. But on second thought we’re not so sure that that would make the best arrangement. We figure Hitler has nothing against us personally. But we’re not so sure about God. Speaking of registration, and we haven’t done much else lately, we find that little white card quite a problem. To carry, that is. Right how our wallet contains upon close inspection. For identification purposes: 1. One passport. — 2. One FBL fingerprint identification card. 3. One membership to the YMCA4. Two oil company credit cards. 6. One liability insurance policy card. 6. An honorary membership to the PIA. 7. One fraternity membership card. 8. One automobile ownership catd. 9. A pass to the shows. 10. One driver’s license. (Illinois) 11. And a picture of our girl. All necessary. . And now they want us to add this one to the list. We are considering buying another wallet. Or exchanging it for a, brief case. If this system keeps up it will soon no longer be necessary for the average man to be able to talk. All he does when an officer of the law addresses a question at him is flash a first full of cards. : And let him take his pick.—dkh
InMemoriam
Seventeen years, nine months, and nineteen days . ... ago this morning there appeared on these pages a new column, dealing with names and faces, and run under a great black question mark. It was on the 4th of Janusaiy, 1923. Five days later on January 9 that column became known as Bold & Black, and since that day has always been known by that name, appearing almost as regularly as the paper itself. So it is with some regret that today we bury the body of our oldest established feature, and with some misgivings. We hope that it will not be forever, and that some day again we will see the students flip past the name of the Prom band to scan with 'eager eyes a new and improved B & B. For now, we wish to lay away in peace the long dead cadaver of a once great cplumn. That it has been dead for j3everal years is reiterated by every student who ever uttered the words, “it stinks.” That there was still some life left in the old boy is proven by the fact that it was read, and read first, by a majority of students. For that reason we intend to transplant that spark, of life remaining, if possible, and some day to revive our old friend, but for the time beng may he rest in peace.—dkh.
PIayshop Opens
(Continued from page 1) thing more exciting than sampling avnew collection or trying on a beautiful gown—all of which, in the course of the play, brings regret and disaster in its wake. “It is superbly sly drama of a fascinating creature grappling with something so great that she, herself, can have no understanding of its sweep and vastness—and all of it against a background of real re-/ ligioh—a new kind of spiritual reincarnation. Religions Overtones Despite these religious overtones, the play is constructed with such consummate mastery, on a vein of comedy, with a pattern so perfect, that behind the laughter in the dialogue, there looms a theme of tremendous importance. A reporter, the other day, asked Miss Crothers if she didn’t think ‘Susan and God’ was a bit sacrilegious. I liked her reply: ‘Serious things,’ she said, ‘can be said more poignantly through comedy than any other way.” m.j.f. AIME Will See Movie On Processing Iron At the regtdar meeting of the AIME this evening at 7:30 o’clock in the Chemical and Metallurgical Building, the interesting and instructive movie, “Aston Wrought Iron Process” will he shown. Members of the ASME are invited, and anyone else who is interested. The picture tells how the Aston process was developed by J. A. Aston, metallurgist for the A. M. Byers Company, Pittsburgh. His process was put into large scale use by the company in 1930. Essentially the same as older methods, its^eat advantage is that it tremendously speeds up the production of wrought iron, r.r.r. Another Editor's Opinion Editor’s Note: The news story upon which the following editorial was based appeared in the “Exponent” of October 15. As the date line shows, the news traveled to Boston, was commented upon by the editor of the Boston “Globe”, and appeared in that paper only two days later. A good illustration, we think, of the constant surveillance to which the universities of the nation are subjected. Although feeling somewhat akin to a goldfish, we like the idea of having, in a minor way, the eyes of the nation upon us. It makes us think twice-^and a little extra thinking wouldn’t harm any college student just now. l.w.r. BOSTON GLOBE, Oct. 17—Selfappointed defenders of civil liberties will he enraged, but most Americans will applaud President Elliott of Purdue University. While students of age were registering yesterday for military service, he refused to permit an anti-conscrip-tion group of students to parade the campus, wearing black armbands in protest. If the students think conscription invades their rights, why didn’t they volunteer to serve the nation ? They are probably of the same cloth as the groups of students in English universities who a few short years back were publicly proclaiming they would not fight for England. In gratitude, Hitler’s airmen have dropped some of their best bombs on the same institutions, _ And probobly for them today others arq dying who have as much right to live.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“You better make that prescription for three bottles—we’ll both have to take the medicine to induce Junior to swallow it !”
Sigma Pi
. . . social fraternity announces the initiation of Frank Fijala, Tarentum. Pa.; and Thomas Moran, White Plains, N. Y. d.m.s. , Freshmen Debate Tryouts Announced Freshmen who are interested in debate are to meet this afternoon at 4 in room 310 of University Hall, at which time the date^ for tryouts and the schedule of events for the year will be announced. The question to be debated for this school year is, “Resolved, that the nations of the western hemisphere sholud enter into a permanent union.” The National Association of Teachers of Speech has formed a sub-committee, to write up a set of definitjjpns of the words in the question. lih the past the correct definitions of words in the questions have; been a major problem. The committee hopes to eliminate this difficulty, d.m.s.
Marriage Students Hear Dean Matthews On Home Budgeting Budgeting in the home was the topic discussed by Dean Mary L. Matthews, of the school of home economics, and students in the marriage course at their regular meeting last night in the west faculty lounge of the Union. Student group discussions were held after the lecture, following which Dean Matthews answered specific questions presented by the students in a floor discussion. m.k.b.
LAST DAY-r2 HITS— GBEER GARSON LAURENCE OLIVIER ——in.—. "PRIDE and PREJUDICE" — ALSO — LEW AYRES -—in -r— 'The GOLDEN FLEECING’
Thurs.-Fri.-Sat.—2 Hits JOHNNY MACK BROWN —r in — "LAW AND ORDER" — ALSO — ANNA STEN — in — "EXILE EXPRESS"
—LAST TIMES TODAY— ROSALIND SUSSEll BRIAN AHEK yixginia
TOMORROW - FRIDAY
-LAST TIMES today-
bob BURNS MISCHA AUER In ’ALIAS THE DEACON' —and— WILLIAM BOYD RUSSELL HAYDEN In "Law of the Pampas’’
-ALSO
'TERRY and the PIRATES"
-THURS. - FRI. - SAT.THE westerner PRISON WITHOUT BARS RED RYDER SERIAL FIRST RUN NEWS
— TODAY — DOUBLE FEATURE
THE EAGLE AND THE HAWK with FREDERIC MARCH CAROLE LOMBARD CARY GRANT — PLUSJACK BENNY JOAN BENNETT . in . ARTISTS and MODEtS ABROAD
Starts TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATUREA Swingin' Singin' jamboree of Fun!
PLUS
THE LAST OF THE MOHICANS — WitH-:-RANDOLPH SCOTT
At'
' 4)^' 'fE< ,i( i i'n (
V., , V n, " ^ ^ ‘■'^i t*'
■1
l' h/'"'*"’ *
/ \’'' '
~ 1 ) (»»■!„ A‘ J » A ^ /S'- : «/ i’?, I ! ''
Wedne3day, Octo]ber 23, 1940
^cpomni SpoJdA fi/aqn
Homecoming Throng Anxious For Win
Wisconsin Invades Riveter Stronghold; Paskvan, Hoskins, Others Lead Badgers Endeavoring to avoid scrimmage injuries as much as possible, Mai Elward last evening sent his slightly depleted squad through a mild workout and signal drill in preparation for the Wisconsin game, Saturday, avoiding the rigors of bodily contact wherever it was deemed advisable. The members of the team who are able to participate in hard practice sessions were put at a distinct disadvantage, for they need to sharpen their respective performances for the approachirjg game to almost knife-like quality. Instead, they must “play it safe” in order to protect the ailing men in the camp and take precaution against further accident. Plenty Tough - Despite the fact that the Badgers were conclusively defeated last Saturday in their scrap with powerful Northwestern, it is to the credit of the Madison boys that they were neVer completely outclassed or rendered demoralized. Furthermore, the Purple Wildcats have Conference championship designs and are recognized as possibilities for the mythical national title, especially since the Ohio State conquest. In addition, the men of Harry Stuhldreher emerged from the contest in excellent physical shape, with the feel of the battle fresh in their minds. Here they have a definite advantage over the Boilermakers, who have been idle since the Michigan State encounter and may be suffering from a lack of competitive experience. With the spirit of Notre Dame still coursing through his mind and his charges anxious to annex a Big Nine victory, the Bed and White coach may make it tough for the locals to impress the Homecoming attendance. Sophs Plentiful An offensive backfield composed of Tex Smerke, Tony Berto, Red
Carter, and John Petty ran plays that were almost exclusively through the line last evening in preparing an attack for the week-end visitors. This combination will very probably be the one counted to carry the Gold and Black to pay dirt on Saturday. Jarring John Petty may again shoulder the brunt of the offensive maneuvers, something he has done in the last two contests with yoeman efficiency. By way of statistics, it is interesting to note that Big John has averaged better than three yards from scrimmage in 62 cracks at enemy forward walls and has neared thirty-seven yards a punt from the line of scrimmage. These ground gaining activities have not gone for naught and John has been relied upon as something of a third halfback instead of for the typical bull-thrust when a couple yards are required for a first down. On three occasions, he has lugged the pigskin over that last double line for six-pointers and once he has made the conversion after a score. This total of nineteen markers puts him at the head'of Riveter scoring machine.
TRIPLE XkX MARKET OPEN NIGHTS PURE APPLE CIDER-25C Gallon Indiana Cider Made From Washed Apples NO PRESERVATIVES BRITT BROS'. FRUIT MARKET
12 N. Salisbury—On Stai'e
Phone 3424
More fun 0“t f J"" ts.Work.Spcw"-"*-Chevi Delicious * jBUWMT 6BM Ba'W
n and women eveiy^Ti^®
r-olleae m©’^ flavor . • ■ the refreshing, delicious
smoothness . . •
SliEMINT GUM. thisrefaesh^ see for yourseUhow eni y Q^ewtrtaddsfuntoever^Uj^^^^.3^eyour DOUBLEMINT gum daily , y^ggv^eetenyour
na JS.OWJ- /
APair Of Sophomore Wingmen
LaVem King, left, and William Shimer, right, a pair of sophomore wingmen who are expected to see plenty of action against the Badgers on Satjurday. Both of these second-year men have been outstanding during the past week’s drills, and are being counted on to offset any slowing up of the injured Dave Rankin.
However, the brilliant 212 pound speedster will be forced to share the limelight with another powerhouse in the person of George Paskvan. The latter was a star last season and is a noble successor to Howie Weiss, remembered by football fans as a real plunger of the Corbie Davis, Bronko Nagurski type. When the shadows lengthen over RossAde Stadium late Saturday afternoon, the Homecoming throngs may wish that George had received the commission in the air service that he recently applied for. But Paskvan is not the only star of the eleven. Dale Hoskins, versatile halfback, a flash against the Cats of N. lU. last week, cavorts about any stadium in a fancy manner, and is protected by Embick, a well seasoned guard.
Fight For Positions The Riveter coaching staff realizes that this is a crucial game, and one that may determine the football destinies of the team for the entire campaign. As a result, they are preparing for the contest with extreme care. A spirit of keen competition is in evidence eversrwhere on the practice grounds, for all concerned realize that positions are still relatively wide open. Bill Combs and A1 Neff have lost none of the scrappiness which stamped them as capable performers in the Michigan State duel. Red Carter, Tony Berto, Swede Anderson, and Tex Smerke have impressed Elward enough that he is considering them greatly in his plans for the approaching encounter.
City AAeat and Poultry
220 N. 3rd Street
Phone 5372
^5 CAJf’T BUY A FINER MAN’S HAT THAN A $C DOBBS
elieve it or not, a fine five-dollar Dobbs hat for men is being made today... and i^is a genu^e Dobbs! All the Dobbs style and good looks. Everything the Dobbs name stands for.
*5
•OONAINSI.
iMnKSSINPINC.
Boilermaker Cross Country Squad Meets Wisconsin Saturday Morning Rounding out the sportrfilled Homecoming Week-end, the Riveter cross country runners will show their prowess against the Wisconsin harriers from Madison. Starting sometime during the first half of the intra-squad game, scheduled for 10:30 Saturday morning, it is planned that the race will be finished during the intermisson between halves.
Fraternity Keglers Start Rolling Tonight Fraternity Keglers will start the ball rolling tonight, whfen the first matches of the Union-sponsored Greek bowling league get under way. There are twenty teams entered in the contest, which will continue until each team has faced all nineteen of its opponents. The tournament itself is divided into two brackets. The winner of each bracket will receive medals and a plaque, and th6n battle the other bracket winner for the championship. Later on in the year, there will be a tournament between the independents and the co-op houses. The winners of tke two leagues will * then meet for the University championship. Official averages will be kept on the fraternity bowlers and next semester the five highest will compose the University b oyr ling team. Matches with Illinois, and other schools have been planned. j.f.a. BOWLING SCHEDULE Wednesday, October 23, 1940. Bracket A—9:00 p. m. Pi Kappa Alpha vs Alpha Gamma Rho Triangle vs Sigma Nu Phi Kappa Sigma vs Theta Chi Delta Tau Delta vs Tan Kappa Epsilon Phi Delta Theta vs Phi Kappa Tau Bracket B—6:30 p. m. Alpha Tau Omego vs Phi Gamma Delta Acacia vs Phi Sigma Kappa Phi Kappa Psi vs Beta Theta Pi Delta Upsilon vs Alpha Sigma Phi Theta Xi vs Beta Sigma Psi IM Schedules Softball—Wednesday, October 23 Diamond 5 Ward 21 vs Ward 2 (F. Witsman) 7. Ward 30 vs Ward 31 (R. Igney) 15 Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 10 PINAL (J. Mann)
Touchball—Wednesday, October 23 '
Field
1. Phi Kappa Sigma vs Delta Tau Delta
(J. Papurca)
2. Beta Sigma Psi vs Tau Epsilon Phi
(McCarthy)
Sigma Nu vs Beta Theta Pi
(McAdams)
Phi Gamma Delta vs Delta Upsilon
(L. Captain)
Alpha Chi Rho vs Acacia
(N. Goldstein)
Sigma Pi vs Theta Tau (G. E. Bowers)
3.
Badgers Are Strong Possessing a strong team, the Badger thinclads should provide the local distance men with plenty of competition. In previous years the Madison cross-country squads have always been able to show superiority over the Boilermaker trackmen, but the revitalized Riveter team shows some possibility of / turning the tables. Wisconsin’s coach, T. E. Jones, has sent a list of the nine men he intends to run and among them ^e the three veterans: Captain Howard Knox, Howatrd Schoenike, and Tom Corrigan; other Badgers scheduled to run are William Lohr, Phillip Gerhard, Frank Stafford, Jerome Daird, Ed Bradley, and George Yount. As yet. Coach Phillips of the Riveter Cross-Country squad has not yet stated what nine men are to run for the Gold and Black team, but among them will be Captain Ed Holderman, Bob Jarvis, McLaughlin, Jentsch and Stanley. Hope For 2nd Victory With two defeats against only one victory this season Coach Phillips’ runners have an extra incentive to work especially hard to win the meet this Saturday. First defeat this year was at the hands of the Hoosier team from Bloomington. The next encounter, this time with a team from Pittsburgh, was a happier one for Boilermaker followers since the Riveter team came out on top. Last Saturday at Columbus, O., the Riveter distance men suffered their second defeat of the season, this time by the heartbreaking score of 27 to 29. During this race Captain Ed Holderman won his third dual meet of the season although only by the narrow margin of onehalf second, d.w.m.
7. Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Theta Chi (J. W. Hawkins) 8. Triangle vs Alpha Sigma Phi (J. Kntz) Lost: Gold nng with large blue-green
y WATTS FOOD STORE OPEN NIGHTS AND SUNDAYS
112 Norfhwesfern Aye.
Phone 8052
LET MEDICO BE YOUR NEXT PIPE Smoking it wiii amaze you
With its 66 Baffle filter,
fie Lovely Tonight!
The bewitching aKur which you may have envied in others can be yogrs tonight and every night. It's a simple trick, really. All it takes is your own natural charm and t;he deft ability of our operators. As for an appointment now— CALL 7901
loeb’s Beauty SaloiPURDUE EXPONENT
We’ve decided to make a contest of this “dirty cord situation.” We will be glad to accept news from anyone who has seen or owns a pair of cords better than the current ones we are publicizing. We are offering a prize, too. —^wTw— Herb Van Brunt challenges Danny Heiple for the leadership in the dirtiest cords contest. He says (and I’ve seen ’em) that his cords are much dirtier than Danny’s. Maybe many of the other senior men feel that they have both of the above men beat for dirt. If you don’t tell us we’ll never know, so let us hear from you about your cords. —^wTw— With the first cool winds of the coming winter, Mary Robinson dons her reversible of white “teddy bear” cloth (electrified wool) and red flannel. She makes a cheery sight in the setting of falling leaves. —^wTw— Bill Haugh, another Cary Haller, garbs himself in brown slacks with a tan and light brown brushed rayon rogue shirt Oombined with a tan corduroy fingertip jacket . . . “The three men in blue,” A1 Gillogly, Max Cline and Bob Monovon got their name from the soldier blue
Fashion rambling: When one thinks of winter one used to think of dark colors and never the light pinks and blues, but this year we are being different. Sheer Wools in all the light values are going to be strong this year . . . plaids (like the Scotsman) in skirts and a Shawl worn with contrasting sweaters are expected to make their appearance on campus soon.
Zissis Wins
Kappa Psi
(Continued from page 1)
fanatical dictator with a foolish idea of world conquest and personal glory. In addition to Zissis, Cary Hall West was represented by Richard DeLong. Other contestants and organizations were Guy Besnard, Alpha Tau Omega; Gilbert Champan, Delta Tau Delta; Dale E. Butz, Alpha Gamma Rho; Norman Merrick, Cary Hall South; Clem Pope, Cary Hall North. Prof. P. E. Lull p^sented the awards to the winners. Judges for
. . . Pharmacy honorary, is sponsoring an illustrated lecture on Ma•laria Fever to be given tonight at 7:30 in room 311 of the Pharmacy Building by M. Cross of the Winthrop Pharmaceutical and Chemical Company. All students and faculty members are cordially invited, r.r.b.
the contest were Prof. A. N. Topping of the EE school. Prof. R. G. Thomas of the Economics department, and Dr. A. H. Monroe of the speech department. Ralph Hultgren, senior Forensic manager served as chairman, w.m.c.
Co-Eds!
t -'UWOPSB*'-
Saturday’s Homecoming It’s A Big Event. .
Have those garments SAMTONED!
Phone
You’ll be more charming to some Gent!
One Day Service American Lanndry
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
• Hardware
Risk Denial Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Ham St, Phone 5701
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
• Dairy Products
• School Suplies
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
University Book Store Across form the Union Next to the College Inn M. C. "Red" Sammons '29 R, W. "Doc" Epple '40
• Locksmith
• Jewelers
KEYS and LOCKS Keys for trunks, dopr locks, <tok locks, niflht latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. filULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main St.
•
WBAA
hats they are wearing. -^wTw— Gee has the farm taken over our campus ? Sometimes we wonder, especially when we see young men around the campus in overalls, straw hats (the frost is coming), and bright red handkerchiefs. Bob Swaim and Phil Johnson are two of the fellows in such outfits. The reason is not that they are farmers, oh no, they are being pledged to Alpha Zeta, an Agriculture honorary. —^wTw— - Jane Pavey treks to classes in a gray green covert top coat. She may be seen almost any day with a wine grograin knitting bag in hand. The bag contains the makings of a light purple long-sleeved classic sweater. —^wTw—
11:00—Far East Problems & Contemporary Affairs Mr. Gordon Enders 11:50—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Farm Facts For Farm Folks 12:15—Sports Review 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45—Monitor Views the News 1:00—Just Relax 1:15—Afternoon Melodies 1:30—Meditations—Rev. H. C. Stolldorf 1:45—Market Reports 2:00—Elizabeth Crumjp Enders 2:15—June Eller—^pianist 2:30—The Bookman 2:45—Hymn Echoes 3:00—Souvenirs 3:30—Symphony Hall 4:30—Melody Maids 4:45—Story Book Hour
Thomas, Baritone,
(Continued from page 1)
LEARN TO DANCE The Arthur Murray Way First Class Thursday 24th Phone 3063 Bob Bauman Price $1.50 10 Lessons
YOU DON'T have to IRON THEM
TWO STYLES
Curved Bre-Top—Elaitie Back. California Top—V Back
• Will- not shrink • Will not nut • Will not sag • D.ouble Bra*Top • No rip seams • Follow figure tines
THIEME & WANGERIN CO.
622-626 Main St* Lafayette, Ind.
gagement in that field was at the Royal Opera House in Brussels. When he returned to the United States, he joined the opera circuit of the Metropolitan Opera Company. JFor the last six seasons he has been engaged by that same company. Thomas includes many English songs in his programs, even though he is much opposed to accepted translations and prefers to sing songs in the language in which they were originally written. Because the administration anticipates a very large student attendance, no tickets will be sold to the general public. Admission will be by passport and season ticket only, j.f.z.
Wednesday, October 23, 1940
ASME: All meipbers who signed at the initial meeting for membership cards and emblems may get them at Professor Cope’s office any day this week except Friday from 9 to 10 a. m. —COOLEY.
Purdue Riding Club: Meeting scheduled for Thiirsday, October 24, has been postponed until Thursday, October 81. —GRAHAM.
Skull and Crescent: Meeting at 7:80 p. ijn. Wednesday, October 23, in room 828 of the Union. All members please be present. —LANIUS.
Sophomore Debris Salesmen: Weeklymeeting of Debris sophomore salesmen will be held in the new office, one door south of the Student Union office Wednesday, October 23, at 4 p. m. —LANCET.
WSGA Executive Board: Regular meeting Wednesday, October 28, at 7:80 p. m. in WSGA office. —ZWIERLEIN.
Catalyst Club Actives: Please sign up in Dr. Lovell’s office for the party Wednesday, October 28. Meet at the Chem and Met building at 7:30 p. m. —BEBGSTEDT.
Male Students: Desiring to fire on 4th novice pistol group may sign up now in the supply room of the Armory. This groups starts firing November 6, 1940. —WASSMAN
All Senior Men: It is a regulation of the University that all seniors have a physical examination for employment purposes. Report to the Student Health Service without fail to schedule a time for this examination. Seniors who do not take this examination run the risk of not seeing the companies they wish to interview. ^ —MILLER.
Sophomore Debris Workers: Important meeting in Debris office at 4 p. m. Wednesday, October 23. —JONES.
Kappa Delta Pi Pledges: Secure your mimeographed historical material in room 107 of the Education building immediately. There will be a test on this next Thursday, October 24. —MONK.
Notices
No notices received after 8 p. m.
All Students: Interested in doing sketches for 1941 Debris see Jean Jones Debris office at 4 p. m. from October ,22-26. If you have any sample sketches, submit them at once. Judging next week. —JONES.
Picture-Takers: All who have interesting pictures taken at Fort Knox this summer number your pictures and leave them in my box in the Armory by Tuesday, October 22. They will be placed on exhibit at the smoker on Wednesday, October 28. —NORQUEST.
All Sophomores: Call out for all sophomores interested in working on the editorial staff of 1941 Debris. Report to Debris office at 4 p. m. October 22-26. —JONES.
Independent Staff: Regular meeting for editorial staff Wednesday, October 23, at 7:16 p. m. in PIA office. Be there and get your stringbooks. —SELKOWITZ.
Debris Photography Staff; Meeting Friday, October 26, at 4 p. m , in room 60 of the Union. —SWIFT.
Newman Club: Discussion groups will meet Tuesday and Wednesday, October 22 and 23 at 7:30 p. m. in room 804 of the Union. No meeting will be held Thursday because of convocation. —LUERS.
having been awarded a scholarship by the Peabody Conservatory in Baltimore. At the conservatory, he studied music and language. After finishing his course at the conservatory, he found himself in light opera and he has starred in the well known Gilbert and Sullivan operas, such as, “May Time” and “Apple Blossoms.” His successes in the light operas were the beginning of one of the greatest musical careers for a young artist. After accumulating a great lot of experience, he launched his career in grand opera. His first en-
Camera Club: Because of convo, Tanco’s lecture on "Portraiture” will be postponed until next week. This week there will be a lecture and demonstration on “Mounting and Retouching ” Meeting will be Thursday, October 24, at 7 :30 p m. in Room 304. —GEPHART.
Metallurgical Engineers: Meeting Wednesday, October 23, at 7 :30 p. m. in room 302 of the Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering Building. —PHILLIPS.
Classified Ads
FOR SALE
SCA Members: Credit Union meeting will be held Monday, October 28, at 8:30 p. m. in the Wesley Soundation House. —BELCHER.
Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone, 2407.
WAA Council: There will be no meeting this week —WESTOVER
Christian Science: Regular meeting will be held Thursday, October 24, 7 p. m., in room 302 of the Union This change in meeting time is due to the convocation on the same evening —MACK
Horticultural Society: There will be an important meeting in the Assembly Room of the Horticulture Building, Wednesday, October 23, at 4 p m It is very urgent that all members be present. —RESNER.
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Engineer Workers: Theie will be no meeting Wednesday, October 23, watch this column for further announcements —McELROY
Chess Club: Meeting of the Purdue Union Chess club Wednesday, October 23, at 8 p. m. in the game room of Union —CURTNER.
Wanted: Passengers to St. Louis Nov. 2. Return Sunday—$3.60 Round Trip. Boling— 6418
Religious Council: Regular meeting, Wednesday, October 23, al^ 7 30 p m in room 68" of the Union All members and interested workers, please report —MANGUS
Delta Rho Kappa: Short meeting of all actives and pledges Thursday, October 24, at 6 p m. in room 303 of Union. Pledges bring keys and boxes. Dues are payable at this time —OSWALT.
Lost: Pair of glasses in brown case. John Swenson Caiy Hall West 8446 Reward.
Lost: Decitrig Slide Rule in Armory Friday, October 18, between 4 and 6 pm. Reward Call 66292
Poultry Club: Meeting Wednesday, October 23, at 7 p. m. in the Home Economics building. —SEARCY.
stone in Union Tuesday. Finder please call Room 1101, WRH
SAVE 10 PERCENT BY ORDERING NOW mis SPECIAL DISCOVNT GOOD UNTIL NOV. 15th 20 SAMPLE BOOKS—FROM 50 for $1.00 up DECKER’S
518-20 Main Street
Phone 4677
COMPLETE WITH BULB
The lES tag it carries is proof that it's easy on the eyes it certifies that this study lamp has been approved by the Illuminating Engineering Society. It's just as easy to LOOK AT as to see with, too. Purdue's Black and Gold seal and letter are mounted on its fine parchment shade; an aritique bronze standard harmonizes perfectly.
The quantity is limited—stop in at our store and get your lamp now.
PUBLIC SERVICE compnnv of inoiRnR
Vi
4i
< 4
4. i
( If V ^
4. Cv
V#-
mm