y. ^'’''|; ’f iV "^ ^ J ^ ■“ -*/^ 1 * '■w J"'" I ^ S ■? ff- 4 #
Is
^National Morale' Edit Reprinted Today At President's Request
Established 1889
^c/nj04ie4it ^ Daily Since 1906
Swimmers Meet Ohio State At 'Columbus i n Third Start Tonight
Volume 53, No. 121
West Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, February 18, 1942
VttSIIHinCH MERRY-60-ROUH
By Drew Pearson and Robert S Allen
Naval Cadet rtaPi^Ti Boilermaker Squad Loses Hard-Fought
A ■ The followmo- men wgig nledired H
Aviation
Board Here
Ensign Childs To Speak At Meeting Today At 4
1952 l^rivat'e Bonanza
Guayille Rubber Law Would Provide Lush
WASHINGTON Feb 17—A.gii tultmal acKisei^ aie urgini the Picsjdent to veto the Guajulo Rub hel Act just passed by Congi ess ^iv mg a lush lubbci bonanza to the In tci national Rubbei Company m An zona and Southern California Bv this act the government would lease lands materials and guayulc seedlings liom the Inter national Rubbci Company for 'l!2 000,000 and at the end ol 10 years would turn them themdiiatk to the private company with all the im provements, and since it tal(;es peveral vears tor rubber plants to develop, the government presum ably would turn the rubbei plaiita tions back to the private comp inv just about the time they become a thriving and profiitahle business . Hven the contracts toi synthetic lubbei lactones being built thiough Jesse Tones loans contain safe guaids toi the govcinments lutuic piopu ly Intelesls • Originally Had Safeguards Most inteiostin,^ thing aliout this Guayule Act is that the bill is oiig mally passed by the Sen itc went ((Uitt tai in sal eg uai ding the pub lie s inteiests It pi ovideel 1h it Ihe goveinment might purehise the land fioiTi the Intel nation i! Ruiibti ( ompany and thus not be nude i obli ,,ation to letuin it ilte i 10 iis of mipi ovoinent Ibe Senite bill ilso pi ovule d th it the goveinment might lequiie the pi Opel ty by condemn ition instc ul of having a maximum fi^,ute of "iiJ (loo 000 fixed The Senite bill ilso piovided that finis might lu ue|uiied m any put of the West eiM Ilcmispluie thus letting Mexico m on the de il unelei the Good Neigh hoi Policj—a countiy whcie guay life all eady gi ovs Ilowevei when cci L un Southwest Cougiessmcn got thiough with the lull m the House it w IS puigcd of ill these piotectne piovisions ind confineel the Sccie taiy of Agiicultuic lei Rising the 1 inel aiiel i elinquishing it iltei fO yeais ol impiovemei t Note—During Ihe final Senate debate Senator Downei ol ( all lornia staled that the emaseulaled itouse bill had been okajed b\ As sistant Secrelarj of State Breek imidge I ong Othei State l)ep irt ment olliciaH it is knoun did nof agree with Long • WhHe House Barriers q The sti cot which sep u ites the White House tiom the Ticisuiv (East rxecutivo Avenue) is now (Continucel on p igc 2)
Ensign Robeit L Childs. United States Naval Reseive along with othei membeis of the Naval Avia tion Cadet Selection Board will visit the campus today, tomoiiow and Fiiday foi the puiposc ol intei viewing Univeisity men mteiested m eni oiling m Aviation Cadet flaming Childs will addicss a mass meet mg of ill mteiested students this afternoon at 4 in loom 129 of the Electiical Engineoimg Building, at which time he will outline oppoi tumties foi college mefi in Navy Aviation and explain seveial lecent chinges which Ijave been mule in the governing lulcs of the Sclec tion Boaid 'Sophomores Eligible Ol the two new lulcs which have been passed the fust icteis to the enlisting of coHege sophomoies Sophrmoies may now cm oil loi cadet tiainmg it they aie passing in then school woik Any Umvei sity staff membei oi i lettci liom the legistiai may vouch loi the student’s good standing The second now lule pi ovules foi flic dcfeiment fiom ictive ti lining of all new applicants until the close ot the curient college yc u Personal Interviews Tomoiiow and Eiuliy Ensign Childs and i Navj medical offieei will be in the Confeicnct Room of the Executive Building to inlei view applicints peisonilly uid give them then piclimniaiy physic il cxamin itions All mteiested mfcn should ipply foi intei views bcfoic 3 30 this ift Cl noon in the Peisonnel Office The toimci gcnei il loqunoments th it ipplicants be between the igos ol nineteen nul twenty scvin slill ip ply
The following men weie pledged to Reamei club last night accoiding to an announcement by Lee Rnfl
nei president of the club
J Biay R T Ball D D Baita W H Clausen B W Ciowl J k DeCamp G A Dmeison, H A
Hoffman, A L Jackson
D H Kemp, C E Knote L J Myers W D Southaid R F Stett nei J R Williamson and J T
Youngblood
Eoimal pledging will be held to night at 9 p m in the Towei loom
of the Union
Match To Illinois Wrestlers, 14-12
Playshop Buys Bonds
Nurserymen Close Annual Convention In Sessions Today
Elliott Delivers Opening Address To Delegates
Exponent Board
Hull will he i niecting ol I u iilt> and senior nicmbcis ol flu T xponenf board Wednesdaj I eh riiary 18, al 7 1') p m in the 1 xponent oflice in the tinioii —Ochilfice
Novel Cabaret Theme Will Prevail At Mixer
Re„ulii Union mixei which will be hcl(i in both halliooms oi the Union next Situiday will he in the ioiin of a Cibaiet ind tables it which loiicshments will be seivcd will he placed m the hillioom itself 1 he Wahish Amhassadois will he Icatuied and the admission juice will be V 10 Contoiming to the piosont w 11 time coed horns the mixci will begin it 8 50 uul end at 11 50 p m
Appioximately 50 nurseiymen liom thioughout the state came to the Univeisity to attend the annual Indiana Association of Nuiseiymcns conaention being held heie jcsteiday and todaj Piesulcnt E C Elliott opened the convention jesleiday afternoon liv stating that the pui pose of the meetings was to find out fiuthei adv incements m the nuiseiy woik “Soil and Plants was the topic discussed by Plot G D Scaiseth of the Agronomy depaitment at the til st Icctui e Piotessoi Scaiseth sue! ‘The best way to tell a soil IS to smell it Good ind bad soils can be distinguished eisily by this method I A McClintock oi the hoiticul tuial depaitment told ot modem developments in plant hoimones stiossing use of oigimc acids ind sLig u to stimul ito plant gio\;th I ist night i biiiquet was hold in the west faculty lounge in which Mis 0 G Eostci ot Litiyette showed a movie entitled Caiolinas in ( oloi which she took on hci list liij) to the South I CueiK herd o^ the horticullui il dejr u t mcul picsulcd over the liinquct fod u theie will be a Irik by (,oo I nfeld ol the Agiicultui il Expcri ment SI ilion on Soil lesting demonstrating the new Uiiiveisilj soil ind pi int tissue kit Discussion Sessions Plants md Maintcn rnce will be discussed by R B Hull ( I the Uni velsll^ uui Choice PI int Mi Iciials by I D Suleiithilen These will be iollowed by in open lorum discussion Di C C Compton ot Illinois univeisity in authority in entom ology will emphibi/c conti oiling of insects in the nuisery
One of the first campus activities to follow Presndent Elliott s advise in regard to the educational emergency program was Play shop the campus dramatic organization The above picture shows Bill Deam play director watching Jack Miller business man ager signing a check for $1200 to buy U S Defense Bonds To date this has been the largest contribution to Uncle Sam s fund by any campus organizatioh Deam said Another adjustment in the Playshop program to economize student energy and tune IS the 10 30 p m closing time for stage crews and play rehearsals Expenditures have been reduced and material will be conserved during the remainder of the year ac coding to Prof H Kenn Carmichael
Mosic For Pan Ball Friday Nlifit
Union To Show Nash's Exhibit Of Military Art
Leader Began Career As Featured Violinist
AAUP To Hold Dinner Discussion Tonight
Wesley Foundation
will hold its wcclh Stitch 111(1 Whittling tc 1 this iltcinoon Jiom 5 )0 to 5 Evomont is invited to nttend
Amciicm Assocntion ot Univei sitv Pioto'-sois will hold a dinnei meeting open to the public tonight at 0 15 p m in the Home Economics dining 1 oom Attci the dinnei Piotessois J A Esto^ R G Ihoma ind E C Young will pioscnt a panel discus Sion on Eacully Incomes and Stand lids of I iviii,, IS Aflcctcd by the W u Eollowing the discussion by those on the p incl discussion oi the sub jeet will bo open to the tlooi
Hoof And Horn Pays Homage To Sir Loin At Dinner !n Home Ec Cafeteria
111 Geoi ge ‘-tin Home rcoiiomics ( ilotciii list night sdved I lull house it the in nual 1) mquet in which the Hoof ind IIoi n Club anim il hush uidi y honoi uy iccmclcd the Icgcndiiv ccic monj dating hick to tht time when i Bi iLish king knightul the loin ot h(ci Su 1 oin 1 nil honoi ii il horn ige w IS payed to the loyil ent olhiiwisc the siiloin st( ik )\ llu isse milled Univ( isiU sUidenls Ik iilty ind shoi t eoin c men McmlKis Revnt ( ciciiioin Bcloic the h inqucL eould eom me nee eostumed e lub me mbci s duti hilly poitiayed Uie aiuicnt and im men 111 CCI (many Memhets ol the e 1st wcic R W Selimidl King I 0 Biinett Me if Giivei IVI 1 Pe teisoiiandt Selimidt B ii ons 1 M let II r Poitei W Cl lit mil W K Pitton I Olds 11 1 Kilgoii R tollman, II W loncs md R W
Puilos BuLliis R I Colo md R McKee Bugle is md R I Tohnson \nn()uncoi Ti idition has it Ihil HisMaje>stA King Ch ii les II kni ht eel the loin oi heel it ibmoue Ich iiiai\ 21 1()7() 111 Houghton lowei lie 11 Bl u 1 bill n in I anc ishii c toliowin,, the sho t coumoin home economics students sciveel the meal in an itmo jiheie ol e milR light buch items is Eiesh 1 i n^ te Sillett SinlongcBiel Rost ( oni moil B itt il i Ri uind Ajij) ill Fie an I ( liccsc and Men hi ( ollee wcii sciecd in due time md despite then stiangc names wcic lound to he stiangeh ipjieti/nig (iidil should he gi\en the home ee students loi the ixeellent jii t p u il ion md seiv lei ol the (liniici Dtillv Inhodtiecs Doiih ini (i 1 Dully lucsiekiil ol Ilool md lloin w IS to isim istci ioi Ihe h m qiut md intioduced the guest sjK ikci ol the (Veiling III ( R
Donham he id ol the voteimaij de ]i u tment Di Dojiham i cl itcd i few ■jtoiies and then told ol his txpcii cnee 111 the In West He biought out i lew ot his obscivations ot eus lorn habits md 1 uniing methods ithoi ed duimg his seven -veai sti\ inOie on Donham w is aequ iintcd w it h sheep he 1 del s I n mci s md the leil eowhov oi tlie noilhwest unoiij otlu I s Dully lie online nek (I tint V ( Iiecinin le id tlie jionj) m ‘Had Pill due md the me i ting eiidid with the snging ol the sehool som
Re-,gie Childs md his oieh sti i ai 0 scheduled to tuinish the music Joi the mnual Women s Panhclknie Bill next ^ll(la^ evening fiom 8 30 until 11 >0 in tlie south bilhoom ol the Union Childs list jilayed it the Rustic C ibm inNewYoilc he loi e ge ing on the load md tiitii-, in it ion wile torn ot colleges thiou bout the eounti V Studied In P u IS Bc„mniiv his musieal I lel lound with seven veils ol stu Ij it the Pm (onsciviton oJ Miisie Re,, le h IS been ti itui e \ lohnist m Piul Whitemin B A Rolle ^ ineent I o pez ind W u ne Knm s oiehesti i 1 1 om e ich ot these binds ho leu nod difleient styles ol ilivtun swing and sjnccpition which he put to ,,tthoi in 1 is Rollin StvRs m his own oiganization Since Chiistnis D ly some thri tv jells igo when Childs w is boin in I ondon Ln„l md he his been iie vi music Ills mothei w is iinon ment sin,,ei and she eneoui igod Ke„„ie iii tills line He won i voeil seholii ship in I ondon md w is sent to smg in the chon ot the Ann i it m C ithed 1 al ill Pai IS ^ elite Clacks Untoi tun itely I eggit s voice luted to change md ei itl so he till lied to mothoi hold—this tmio the V lolin When his I imiR moved to to I onto Rcrgie went with them and veiy soon aftci this btf,in plijing will! modem sw m hinds Sin„in„ with ( hiRl s oi chesti i ii e Ritlj Caitci Neil (ouilntj ind Mil Lmcison who wcit wilh him list ycai it the ( n\ Club Sjumg I 01 in il
( oup ol niilit IIJ poi ti aits 1 y Jo scjili P Nish IS iifvv in thcPMusic Ivoom ot the Union and will be on exhilut thcie until next Sundiy The exhibit w as lo med to the Univei sity bv the L li ij ette Ai t Association The poiti iits done in led eiayon jnesent a cioss section ot ai my lilc Na h h IS chosen the most cxemplaiy soldiei s ol e ich i aid is his subjects md the men i m,,e eve i ywheie fiom one ot the oclectee'- VI ih Woj Chi 1 e^'c liunel vm m to VI ij (mn lo sejdi M C ummins ( hoseii I 01 I e idei sliij) Veeoiding ti Nish the olheeis chosen is subject loi giaphie pie sent ition weie eliesen hceausc of tl eii leadciship ind in aecoicl mce with the amount oi lespect lieRi ioi them bj then men Piiraaiv puiposc oi the exhibit is to ict Is i moi lie buiRlei toi ROTC units in till aimy coips mea The eh livings lie eksigned to piescnt an (lei )f the t\pt ol men whom the idv meed ROIC students will have lo seive in the ainij md ilso ot the tj pe ol men they will lie leqimed to kid H id I o Pose W hen In eel the poiliaits weie none m e imps in the executive offices bailacks me s halls mdhingais md with the iddod hmdicip that the men had to jiose when tiled iftci a daj s woik Al tei Sunday the poi tiaits w ill be t to othei univeisities schools ml niilitiiv icadeiiiies having ROn units
Prof. Vestal To Talk
Over WLW Program
Tau Kappa Epsilon
soei il !i iteimlv mnounees the pleelfing ol the lollowmg Don V ille (i 11 \ Russe 11 C ill k C hi e i„o III leiiv fieeleiieks Hun 11101 (I I c )i u I W (((1 Vie tot N V Rog LI Sj) uikl n Slie 11 I m ml 1 1 ml Pel fe 11 ( I s nv ilk
Riveter Matmen Suffer First Big Ten Defeat This Season
By Ed Karpick Last night a band of gtapplers fiom Illinois finally stopped the victoiy maich of the Boilermaker squad The final score of 14-12 in favor of the Illini does not tell the whole story, foi the match was one that might have gone to either team. A large ciowd filled one side of the Fieldhouse bleachers and oveiflowed into the balcony They were strictly Boilermaker fans, too, and they made their sentiments concerning the decisions handed down by
War Council Convo To Present Pianist Sunday Afternoon
Cramer Opens Series Of Weekly Programs
Bomar Ciamei pianist will play foi the fiist of the new convo series sponsoied by the Student Wai Council next Sunday at 3 p m in the Music Hall Ciamei has pie sented piogiams at Indiana, De Pauw and Ball State Univei sities Although his foimal musical edu cation did not begin until he leach ed twelve Ciamei began to play at the age of thiee He spent sev eial yeais studying with Josef and Rosina Lhevinnc in New Yoik, and supplemented this study with woik with Rudolph Ganz in Chicago In 1935 he was sponsoied by the Fed cial Goveinment ot Mexico to ap peai in Mexico City as pait of the five veai educational plan of that nation I arge Repertoire Seveial seasons ago Ciamei gave touiteen pcitoiminccs ot the Chopin I tudts m vuious cities ol Indian i md he has pi lycd six pei toimances with the Indianapolis Symphony Oi chesti a Since his talent fiist came to the ittontion of Pettis Pipes Kidd Key Con seivatoiy he has publicly pei foi med his lepcitone of sixteen diffcient iccital lepeitoiie ot nine conceits The new Sundiy iftcinoon convo sei les will jnoducc local musical talent is well is piofessional pei loimeis fiom outside the Univer sity The conceits aie open to the public and no tickets oi passpoits will be leouiiod Doois to the Music Hall will open it 2 15 p m Sun day
Referee Keaton known to all within the radius of three city blocks Close Einish The Illini put the chncBer on the evening’s activity when “Pop” Berry took a hail line decision over Witlen Eviston With just forty-fire seconds lemaining in the match Evy led by a foui to thiee count At the junctuie the aging Beriy took a despeiate dive foi the Riveter grapplei s legs and connected right at the edge of the mat Referee Keaton awaided the Illinois men two points and there went the match, for the decesion put the lUini in the lead 14 9 , and the Boilermakers needed a fall to gam a tie Flank Ruggieri went into the ring in the iVeavyweight bout, and did Ms best to delivei the goods as ordered. Al Agase, the Illinois heavy, Wds content to wi estle strictly on the defensive foi the three points gamed by a vei diet would not be enough to stoiy of the last bout, Ruggieri dealt (Continued on page 4)
Five Coeds To Attend First Women's Debate Conference in Big Ten
Scrivener Club Sets Deadline At April 5 For Contest Papers
Five coeds will repiesent the Utoiveisity at the Big Ten Women’s debate conleience to be held at Northwestern Univeisity next Friday and Satui day Subject of the debate bo Resolved, that the United States and the British Commonwealth of Nations should form a peimanent union ” leanno Fountaine, fieshman Science student Loganspoit, and Katheiine Howes, freshman Home Economics student, LaPorte, will piesent the negative side of the subject Eoi the affirmative will be Janet Moiehouse, senior in Home Economics, and Faith Wayne, junior Science both local students, and Bette Gustafson, freshman Home Economics, fiom Chicago Foui Debates Apiece Each team will engage m four debates giving a total of eight debate^. The Univeisity gioup will meet eight of the othei Big Ten schools it the meeting Although the melt students have been debating for a number ot yeais, this is the initidd year foi debates foi women stu-
dents
The Univeisity team will leave Fiiday moining and retmn Satthrday night L S Winch ot the Speech depaitment and Foiensic Board has
Manusciipts foi the fifteenth an nual liteiaiy contest must be turned in to loom 108 oi loom 205A ot Uni vcisity Hill bj Apiil 5 it was an noiinced this vv eek by Sci ivenei Club sponsois ot the contest Aw aids will be announced on a spe cial ladio piogiam to be held on
Apiil 13
Piizes will be given tor the best chaige ot the group
manusciipts in vaiious classes of vvi iting These include poetiy, shoit stoiy scientific essav, Indiana his toiical essay informal essay and the shoit play Piizes in the Wintei lovvd senioi libiaiy contest will be
uvaided at the same time Radio Replaces Banquet
In keeping with national defense , , , iu u i. 11 given ovei to the theme of faxmmff
conseivation the banquet usually _ *
held to honoi the winneis ot the con
Agriculturist Presents New Farming Theme
In its second issue ot the 1942 season, Purdue Agriculturist has presented a special agionomy editimi
Wildlife Director To Talk At Forestry Club Tonighi It uul 1 Mosbuigli diuqtoi ol Wildlilc in the St lie dcputinciit ol t onsci V ition will ideluss tlie lot i^t y CRil) tod IV al 7 51) p in I 00111 117 ot the lloiticulluii Build ing Moshaugh will speak on ‘ Wild lilc in Indian!
iilVasI Air LiiiiiiLs
All sojilioiuou junioi ind si iiioi nun iiiIiusIkI in apjihing lot N i\ il \\i ition ( idol linn mg imist sign foi tnUivuws in llu IRihoniul Oliiu luloii 5 50 tins it til noon
Plot ( I uiilc M Veslil inchiige il Swine Lxpcinncntil woik will pc ik on the shoit coin t ot the an tod IV liom 11 to to 12 0 p in The shoit com St IS 1 pio,,! im sponsoied h\ st ition WI \\ mil is pusei ting wine iioLiltij mddiiij sjicci ilists tiom tlic Umvcisilv Ohio State IJnivii it\ Univei sil\ ol Kentucky ml IJmve-isitv ot Yist Vnginii (I let i^iuiiltuu melcxtinsion S( 1 V ICC rill se 1 1 1 U ll llOl t ce Ul s( ot the Ul I n c n on 1 v ci \ hod\ s I 11 m Iloui i\ci\ (li\ i xccjit Sun (hv md will I (ontiiuud tlnougli I e I I 111 \ 7 D I llolnu s M u tin II ll ol the Ifniveisity Poultiv Dt piitmcnl ml Piot \\ \\ Smith \nim ll lluslilndiv Dtjiu tment hue llu ulv ippciud on tlu pio im
tost will be leplaced bj the ladio piogiam PiosidentL C Elliott and cthcis will appeal on the piogiam Fuzes in pist yeais have been nude in cash but this jeai piizes in ill classes will be awaided m de tense bonds ind stgmps The Win tciiowd avvaul consisting ot hist
and second piucq ot $100 md $55 will Ih ,,ivtii to the scniois posses snip, the most comi>!etc collections ot hooks Picviously given by the 1 iti William Wmtoilowd 07 the iw lul will be {uesented this vi ii hy Mis
W intciiowd
foi victoiy
Released last week this February publication opens with an artufie coveimg the agiicultuial situation in 258 B C and showing how the advice given to taimeis 2200 yearsa|^ in mcient Rome paiallels to^S scientific lecommendations tor agri-
cultuic
On succeeding pages in thJiS months issue can be tound disctlo-'-ions ot the scuiitihc breeding of so J be uis the advantages of bybt^d com Icitilizei needs, and soil coilstiv ition \s a war economy On the tovei foi this month aSttt
junior Engineers
\11 hmioi 1 ugiiiu I s w ho want sumnu I woik lu uqnestui to sign lip in (lu Peisonnd Oltict this weik
(lispliyed Ann Wickaxd, sophol||o|e
terk
ill Home Economics and daughter! the Secietiiy ot Agiicultuxe, Plot W R Amick, lt>adei m chftjffe ot 4H giulemng, discussing plain toi incuasing gaiden products pt the tUl u nt Cl VIdenmg for Victeirf^ j)io„iam 1
€
45*
gLHs,,-..
ll’’! ■ :
Purdue Escpomnt WMmsday, February 18^ lP4
iff
i:: > WMi
h-Omp ‘MationalMorale ^ editorial is the one mentioned by President'Elliott in ^ffi^fs^pecial m>voeation.,lt is reprinted from the Lafayette^Journal ^ '■ ?i?ossibly''too much is being said about “national morale.” it makes people self-conscious and nervous.‘The more you 'this sort of thing, the more our supposedly stout and ^trujtic-"nation tends to-develop into an outfit of hypo- ■ ^ho.ttdriacs, earnestly discussing their symptoms and getting tmovisiiei'e. ■ . r jy vW^at people need in such a situation is to forget about ,j]t;iifeS(iselv6s/:to get outside of themselves, to fix their-attention " dn their country and its needs in this crisis, to keep so busy '■^.Useful work that they forget about their nerves :^and their .isoute. .;1 H, This is not -only the most useful way but ^e happiest way. Right now it may be a lot better for most of us, than -the wacations that Secretary Ickes has been recommending ito boost morale. We have to harden and .toughen our bodies and spirits, to go ahead and do the things that have to be Jidone ^now, The sooner we .'get out of ourselves and, onto the big job, the better.
news GOES TO MibKSTO^^^ Last Friday night as the Cork -Stood by the mail box in front of the postoffice, a scampering shadow with open overshoes flopping dashed around the corner by the‘laundry and. Slid to a Stop right in front of us. It was our freshman friend Vincent and he had a better to his ‘family in 'Mllkstodl. 'He wanted us to make sure that he hadn’t mi^pelled any words .or had any-comma faults;,so.-we,,read-h for him- This i3'it:-( ' ‘ i '-..j ; • _ :♦ ' . " Dear family, -All of the fellows are out tonight. They said‘they wanted to get started early because, they wouldn't have much time any mor.e with the AWS and all..iBefpre they, went out, they tried, to raise 28 cents between them so that they could pay someone for that electricity and have an extra hour tonight. I don’t know if they got that much or.not. , „ • '■ ' Today there was a convocation in the Music Hall and a lot of people told us things. The president said maybe we cpuldthaye .a meeting every_;dajf :and‘Colonel Beere sajd it. ia possible .Ibut .it wlp -.be difficult. I, shouted real;' loud; because' I ' have .mathematics .at
-j^leyeh.d’cjloClf, and m'aj^be I could grow nice and fat „.i\gain, if'i,.4idn’t have Brofessor.sBuzzard frightening .hio.nll .thertime., ' V*——•' ■ After I-get this letter written, I’m going'to the village do mail it: and then ovpr to the ‘IJnioh.,;:They -ai’e having a hjg danCe there tonight and most of the -giiys bring imports. I guess that an import is some special kind of a girl. Everyone that doesn’t go to ■the- danao ialways -goe.s - over .and .watches -them idny-.-way. ' . i ^ This will, have -to he .all for. now. ■ I hear dho fellows coming in, and, after they come in,. I can’t jget anything done, ^hdy always throw me under',the' bed;or lock me out, on top of the porch roof when they’re homo. , • , . • They are coming up the stairs now. One of them yelled real iloud and said that it was getting pretty damned good when a guy^comes up to you in the airport and shines a flash light in your face and tells you to break it up. r—0 They, are all angry. One of them is saying that he is going lo join a nice quiet Eskimo tribe whei’e at least one can rub noses after 12 and where there are 'no wa-tchnien to shine flashlights in your face. But .'here thgy are now and I’ll have to hide in the closet. In 'haste, Vinceht
L,tt« to Editor
' ' . ' —- ,torview;;V?ithi^hk':;of\dfe:v^i^:’f^ 'For twenty years I have been cOmpamfes?i<^i>NMo*^ protvd of Purdue and of the many low ^eqaeSt fffi] splendid things which she has ac- a supply of wHlch is m ypujf schbol-
.o,,„wi4od. oftor -■eadine .the Ewnel-ts IspOrt^^ the relief food dnve, I .m hOt:very
prond of her students .and deeply
fjic BaMo-
9:30 A.M.-
9:00 A.M.2:30 E-M.-4:80 P.M.--6:L5 P.M.7:00 .P.M.7i6.0 P;M.7:00 -P.M.7:30 P.M.7:30iP.M.-
AV'ednesday, February 18 -Indiana Nurserymen’s Conference E. & W. Reception Rms., Union -Fifst Aid Meeting Room 305, Union -Bible Conference W". Faculty Lge, Union ^Student Ai't Guild .Room 261, Union -A.A.U.P. Dinner Meeting .:H. E. Cafeteria -rA.A.U.W. .Meeting .Room 263, Union -Bible Conference ...W. Faculty Lge, Union -.Certification Inspectors Training .' Room 104, Ag. Hall -Scabbard & Blade Inspection....Tower, Union -Horticultural Society Meeting..Room 117, Hort. Bldg.
Merry^Go-Eound • fContinued from page 1) blocked off on account of the war iPassing this ban-ier, a taxicab pas- , -senger. remarked to the driver; /“What’s :the matter? Don’t they trust'.you cab drivers?” f “Oh yes, sir,” replied the driver. -“IBut -they don’t trust our passen•'■ge^.V This particular passenger was William Vosmer,. executive of Republic Steel Coi’poration, now- with r ijthie.'War Production‘Board. -; Tom Dewey And USO Main-reason .for the resignation of-Tom Dewey as national chairman of .the United Servic^ Organization was that he wanted to throw his full energies into campaigning for the "New York governorship. However, •this isn’t the whole story. Inside fact is that Dewey has been fed up with the USO job for sonie time, tells friends that it might prove more a liability than a help in the gubernatorial campaign. • Dewey's Springboard ; The New York a'acket-buster plans to inakc-the governorship (if ,he wins) a springboard to the GOP presidential, nomination in 1944, and the USO chairmanship seemed like ..an excellent publicity sideline when he'first took over. However, it hasn’t worked out that way. The USO has failed somehow to catch the.public fancy, though.Dewey hiniselfhasdonearema,rkable job raising funds. To friends, Dewey-has made no secret of his di^tisfaction. Last fall Dewey furiously .served notice on the Federal Works Admin.istratjon that he would demand an investigation if the FWA didn’t ex,pcdite the building of -recreational ,,centers for service men. These centers are operated with USO .funds . ..and .pel'sonnel. ‘Hot Fast Enough For Tom . Later‘the War Depajlment took charge of c.qnstructipn, and things began to moye---but still not fast enough for Dewey. Recently he . cojug^ined ,to intimate.s: - '4'Js'^ .jlist about-fed up witli the vrMh: hhaiuess. I’ve gone out-and i5;hiijliqn dollars and we still 1 haje-;^ 4qt of it, in the treasury.
Farm JJews Presents 6.
■ G. W. Sample of the Publicity Office wiir broadcast the “Farm News” on the , daily WBAA farm radio program today from 12 to 12:15. The, Soil , Conservation Service will present an interview after which Henry H. Mayo, of the .animal husbandry department of agricultural extension, will speak on “Lessons Prom the 1941 Gold Medal Lamb Club” tomori-ow. On Friday the progi'am will include G. E. Lehker, of the entomology department of agricultural extension, and W. M. MeVey, farm director of the agricultural extension experiment Station, who w-ill speak on “Banding Shade'Trees to Avoid Canker Worm Defoliation” and “Let’s Look at Purdue’s Outlying Experimental Farms,” respectively. where it’s doing no good, simply because we-haven’t received the proper cooperation fron.i.govei;nment agencies. As head of the GSO, I’d be in an enibarrassing position if donors started a.sking questions about w’hat happened to the money they contributed for the boys in.uniform.” • Merr.y-^Go-Round The mysterious fire last fall at'the Firestone Rubber Company’s Fall River, Mass., plant destroyed enough crude rubber to have made 7,000,000 tires. Origin,of the fire never has been fully determined.... 'The U. .S, is now producing more ammunition and shells of all kinds than ever before in the history of the country—and the amount will be tripled this year. . . . If you want a handy compilation of “Imniortal words of fampu.s Americans” for speech writing or literary, purposes, write Senator Scott Luca.s of Illinois, for a copy of a leaflet he has .prepared. He will send you one free. . .. Lieut.-Gen. Walter Krueger, able commander of the Third Army, has instituted a serie.s of six-week courses in tactics and leadership .for all officers.of company grade under his command. (Copyright. 1042, by UniU'd ronture Syndicate, Inc.)
-WA A will hold its -annual Intramural .Bowling Tournament, beginning tkeweelc of,Februprjt 22. j.Each ipoed organizafion. on the campus will, be , sent an; entry blqnk. These blanks must'he filled, retUrne.d to the ;WAA, room i.n the Women.’s; dymnagium not i^ter tlian .5';p.,m,,;Tlmrsdqy, Feb.^ti,', , E.hterjeil teanis lyill be-divided into leagueSi .and '.each team; will bowl every otiier; tcani in its league. A match y-iilT cpn.sist of two. lines. Tcunis not haying four .members present by the end of the fifth frame in the first line-will forfeit the match If no. members of the team.are.present five minuto.s after the scheduled time, the match vyill.be forfeited. Any team forfeiting a match without a day’s notice will be fined 25 cents. The finals will be bowled l^y teams which have .won the greatest percentage of games in each league. The winner of the toui-nament will be the team having the highest total score for two games bowled, in the final match. An Intramural Bowling Cup will be awarded to the winners of the tournament. Points toward the cup will be awarded as follows: enti'gncG, 10 points; first place, 10 points; and second place, 5 points. Individual points toward WAA numeials and “P’”s will also be awarded on the basi.s of 5 ^joints per line bowled. Featured at Friday night’s WAA Mixed Recreation will be Fred Turner and Fred Speyer, members of the University gymnastic team, in a hand balancing demonstration at 8 p. m. Those attendin.g the Mixed Recreation niay play volleyball, badminton, ping-pong, and basketball the entire evening. At 8:15 p. m. the pool will be opened to the coeds and tlieir dates. A rent of ten cents will be charged to the eds for the use of the g.ym’.s towels and ;;\vinimlng suit.s. Fi’om 9 until 10 p. m. dancing will will be held. WAA has purchased many new records which will furnish the music for the dancers. This evening of fun and enjoyment is offered to all students free of charge. WAA will begin its fencing tournament March .3. Any coed who has fenced before and has participated in three practices before the tournament’s opening is eligible to play. Practices will be held in the Women’s Gym every Tuesday and Thursday at 4 p. m. The WAA ping-pong and shuffleboard tournaments are now in progres.s. Both tournaments are judged by .single elimination. The schedule is posted in the Women’s Gym.. The first round should be played off by Wednesday, Feb. 25. All eontestants are respons i b 1 e for arranging their own matches.
® m • '^0
! The nows came out last week-end that there is a man among us leading a, double iffie, thereby doubling his enjoyment (at the e^vpen.so of one of our “innocent” coeds.) , The scoundrel in'' question Is, William “Bluebeard” Hosier of the renowned Phi Delt clain Bill is in the ho.spital and his gal from home came to visit him. It was discovered, by Bill’s sidekick—George “Purdue Forever” Palmer—that this gal, Betty Craig .by name, has had Willie’s pin for quite some time. So good old George escorted the lady about town (from Lamb’s to the Blazer) introducing her all the while as Hosier’s pin woman. All went well (as faces drooped and Geor.ge had the time of his life) until one Barbara ‘You’ve heard of me before” Hyman learned the truth. ’Nuff said. A two timer right here in our midst. Tsk, Tsk. You should have .gone to Hahvahd, Will.
Speaking of Harvard, Bill Ogdon got enough and came back recently. He must have picked up one of their styles, thought. Or are orange sacks and white shoes the rage this season ? Wc got a couple of Zimmermans mixed the other day. Seems that it wqs one of the Sigma Ghi Zimmermans that put his pin on. Kappa Jean Yahres forlhe second time. Displaying a keen sense of humor. Phi‘Kappa Tau Zimmerman sent Jennie a Valentine vyith words to the effect that he would like to be present the next.time he pinned hei'. Everytlving ■straight now? Hope so.
The Sigma Nu’s .seem to breed a ferocious bimeh. Bull “Tarzan" Sollett cracked one of Alplia Xi ;Rose Malcolm’.s ribs the other p. in. How? How^how should we know ? Ileri! arc some pinning's to make the column lieading a bigger lie: •Laverne King put lii.s■Sigina Nu pin on Chi O Beverly Becker; Sig Ep Roger Sheridan ncAV has his hardware on Alplia Chi Lois Vaughn; and Mary Kaye Miller is now sporting Art Jackson’s Alpha Si.gma Phi jewcliy. Felicitation.s and such to those concerned.
week: Jordan McCarty and Bwede Anderson sporting , a knob on the head and a beautiful shiner respectively; Dbttie Sieb accepting a date for the Cary Hall dance ’cause pin boy'Ralph “Pants” Nessler is going to Naptown without her that night;, the Kappas getting another “anonymous” serenade plus a hail of snowballs; Carl “45 degree” Tafel having a wonderful time with his brothers after a “Dutch dinner.” That mieromorph, Shirl “Radia(or Cap” Murphy has finally clone the trick with his own pin and his own girl. He put out his Theta Chi emblem on Pi Phi Marge Thonir ton the other night. Quoth the mighty mite: “.•Vll it took was a
zombie!”
Contrary to all tradition, vve received four (4) missies in the form of contributions and such yesterday. Thanks a lot, folks, It’s nice to know somebody reads our “noble
efforts.”
Phi Mu Jean Ruck has left the ranks of the unattached by taking Herb de Bruyn’s Pi K A pin. There arc throe Pi K A pins at the Phi Mu house now. Must bo prioi’ity or somethin’. Bob ..Woodward of Chaunccy House and Elaine Horton of Shoemaker House has announced their engagement. Good luck and .congratulations to both. One of the aforementioned letters requested that the well-known repertoire of jokes of theGhem'Engineers be sifted in with the rest of this dirt. Wish we could. Maybe
we will. ,
Maury Hoffman, Phi Kappa flash, is one of the boys who never goes out on week-ends completely!
•disappointed in her facultj?;, Thb 'AVaukeevWisv--Goffiipg^^n. ‘Closing words -..of -.President EHiioift’s ’ N<ttiohaL«iipply “G*. ®eceffiber .tonvocptibn!^ddvf3s;W^re Pa.^—^Feb. 20. ME, Ch^||i‘Pfe|i, P^E’ ■that in the days ahead we'musV be &T&IE. ; , prepared to say, “We can give it,” Ushco Mfg. C6.,,’Inc„i;lPrfthkf<si:ti Apparently we eari:neithGr.,saymor ■
doit.' ■...,.■■.
A noble cause, in fact a series of Feb;'4J3t EE&'fe,. noble causes, asked pur help. In- and yppi^rs eluded in these was the Anieripan sumtorwovk.'^f Red Cross’War Fund, every contfib- tervieWj sign up .ip PfersPpnePOffice ,uted:penny .of which is, primarily for before 1 the benefit of ourvown soldiers, sail- Corning ors, anci marines. Some people gave Pa.---^Febj^2!ii.'M to -otfithe-campus splicitors, but pjip in jPhDphysicists ■
ithe record, as ;you print it, Is’that
the Purdue student and faculty con- j,iaj:i)ivisiop;:^ew3)rk; Ni. .tribution.was less.than:$1800.:Br^k dejegraluatP^h:lo^SfimmeiP''^tk. that:sum down,;and.we find:that,6G00 especially, ihpee^i^lV a -maj^ - m ‘Students and nearly a thousand staff mathematics. 'Anyone ■ ifttbhfek'tea, members have given an average of ih'the PPi'Sonfei'df* .about 25 cents apiece—the equiVa- ' t''
lent of five cokee, o.. two packe of
cigarettes, or the cost of one and two-thirds bowling games, or onefourth the price of adpiission to a
dance.
—^Coming sqon.-Pharffikbis^s,;Ghem-i s t s, Cheirtiqal . ;pSigifleerR, kva h d Science.' ■ /v
. „ iDetroiit lidisort (kO.,'^l)<3ftKoit, ilVlich.
Our failure was especially^ ironic gpmmevWPrk. by coming during a week when .we pp in the Pef.4ohhffiG,ffice. T.
heard anclread, over and over again, g
apparently without the least,glim- -Factory, Philadelphi^T’n,^Feb:?e;:
mer of understanding, _ Lincoln s mE (Aeronauticals) Gettysburg address, with its magni. 'Physicists ' ’ ■ i -V'-
ficent concluding lines about free- AviatiohGadgUEbai^i'Chi-
cagq, 111.—Feb. 18,19;
Our students are far from pros- interested sign up'in theiPcT^aneJ
pcrcus, but surely they could have oflicc, ,
made a lietter average. As for the •Harnischfeger Corp., ’Mllw^jlkep
staff, if this is a fair example of how 'Wis.—March‘9.
we, teacher.s of youth and citizens of
.i'phoaa'Kl96S -:i'I ;■■;;';
a great democracy,' rise to a crisis, then the future of Amoriea is dark s indeed. , “‘S Oiic of the current war songs is ''= about rcmomboi'ing Pearl Harbor. 'S We at Purdue arc remembering
tlio.se who died there, and General Wi||||||n||||j||||||||||||jH|||t|||fl||nHiffi^^^^ MacArthur’.s noble defenders in the ; . .... ... -r -.
Philippines, and our own former stu- ‘ dents now in camp (most of them getting $21 a month),;—ah, yes, we ‘ are remembering, and we too are ’ makin.g'Oiir sacrifices. For them, ' through the .groat American humanitai'iaii agency directly serving our armed forces, we have sacrificed, as ,
m
,M. ■€. .'.MOREHOUSlift’i,
QUALITY MILK . , '
.■Phonie
an average, the equivalent of ONE cup of coffee a WEEK for FIVE, WEEKS. George ,S. Wykoff. ,,
DfR. PAUL A. Risk DR.-LUTHER A. RISK DR.iHAROLD J 'RISK — dentists — 400-404 Schultx Bldg. 4th and Main‘St. Lafayette
sfilMRIGHED fBREA0 IF©R'BEnYER.'NUTBii;|pJi<u:'. try OURS GRACES Quaiily
^mdusL £xpomnL All-American 1940-'4l
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 3, 1917.,authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year ^nd. weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4;00.
I'^ditor-in-Chlef.. N«w8 Editor SlHirtr ..£d)0>r....
..:Ned A. Ochiltree liusineas Manager ..John L- Traugutt Managing Editor Phil Johnson Coed Editor ..,
.Don S. Powers ....Leland -W. Kuffner -Rath Rose
— ' —■ Publication .Staff
Business Staff
‘ Associate Editors Editorial Staff; J. F. Amos. J. H. Armstrong, D. T. Bropby, R. L. Hadley, F. I. Jones, K. C. Kieper. fiporM Staff : 0. T. Clark, J. U. Fraser, J. S. Koeler, ■Coed'Staff: Mary K. Boynton, Alice Chatfield, Jane Ramsdell.
Coed Business Manager: Donna Bless; Office Manager: Dee Bossong. Local Advertising Managers: K. K. Gjemre, R. E. Saxton; Circulation Manager: W. T. Bell'; Accounts Manager: Vf. D. Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankenberry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin.
fhones: fditorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., Ntnv .York, N. Y.
Staff For This issue
Niirbt'Editor: Smith Day Editor: Kantuddi
Hpurts Editor: Keoler
UeporterH: JIas.s. Pidu-riofjr. WickartJ, Carroll. Votilc, StonIjcr^r, Ahrens, Eaut^r. Starr. Uoquemoro, fluntcr, vShryIssue Editor; Jones ''''■ <4luver, I)aw.>ion. KMi'inek.5
m
-'^-M ,
ouseSceneOflieceplion'Following Fraternity ij^Mondayliilon^l^Miitt!^^ llowJtog
>i*i I ’»«!*
Tte^
‘ ! ‘1 V^1
, /• 'J’(^’i)'a^vsoii ■*" ' ” ”■'"" ' "' ■ ■ ‘ ’S As a climax to one of the finest News, and Tony Hinkle> famed coach ever,paid to a Purdne coach, of the Butler Bulldogs for the last ^SoAeT^O td 60 friends and former decade. Abe Masters, coach of the i?]Ptfi^!?ges of.^iggy luambert along Lafayette Broncoes and forpierly,an i^5yi|h^;Seve]^fil players and coaches outstanding player under 'Lanabett, ^^hoi^i^otmed Jiere cv^n before his also,put in his appearance.
^tpc convened in Room 101 of the Another Great
aftef the gaine Monday One of the^few Purdue men ever |;6, gte^,t the firey little coach to win letters in three major sports, iahd|*dp6Vir did acquaintances. Robert Mackley, a,graduate of lOOO, i'i' those present was Wallace put in his appearance. Mr. Mackley, , the-fellow who inaugurated who incidentally is on vacatiomfrom ^M^ljflijne of,basketball here at the his business in India, captained both 'i^jMtet.ihfitlfdfion. Jt was the same the 1918 basketball and baseball
J^i-^Oimann who in the fall of 1900 squads.
f^ptein<^d.^d coached a team made Johnny Wooden, sometimes rated jsip ^;V’.M^C.A. members from Shel- as the greatest player ever coached 'Ohd Lafayette in the first by Lambert, took time out'from his gain^e pliai'Od here. coaOhing duties at South Bend to , ^•J'lPhhabiy the oldest but in addition help pay tribute to America’s finest fp^^’-pf ihe,,8pryest of the former basketball coacR, Johnny made the gave’their best wishes to All-American team in 1932 when he <>^8 ,ChorUe Jammison, a was regarded as the greatest dribof the class of 1882 who hler in the history of the hardwood
hoeh h^te to coach the Riveters sport.
-frpto uh9®6 to 1909. Incidentally, Other former greats present incoaching at the time eluded “Candy” Miller, '22, one of entered the Big Ten. When the best of the old time back guards, a^pf^.ahofit'the Wisconsin game Mr. alo^ig with Paul Church, a member Jaipmiison sifted that “the kids of the Wonder Five in 1920. George ]^lgypd^with their heads tonight.” Spradling, great forward on the v^'ii’ypin'illoliapapolis came Bill Fox, 1^26 team, bi ought his wife and boy ;$p?mta‘tedi^r of the Indianapolis “P from their home in Ipdianapolis
— to meet Piggy. All of the University coaches along with President Elliott, Prof. Hockema, Col. Beere, David E. Ross, Dean Knapp, and many others all did their part to help make the reception a most enjoyable one for the
appreciateable Piggy.
J9O0D PRINTING ) ^ , at J^AfNl.eS$ PRICES
^ for Less Money ifC^nefS ^rirtt Shop
Phone 5205
!4(;Hf49»h«,
I I
For Your RECORD LIRRARY You’ll want these songs as sung by PAUL ROBESON, the great negro singer. • Ballad for Americans It Ain’t Necessarily So ^sAh Still Suits Me '4 l» / *• ^ I 41^1’ Man River • Deep River • Nobody Knows D(‘ Trouble • Rockin’ ('hair • Swing Low, Sweet Chariot — and many other well-known ballads. Preserve the memory of this great singer on records. A comjilete selection may be had at — THE RECORD SPOT
M l BBBK & SMI'PLV STBRi 308-10 STATE ST. WEST LAFAYETTE, I NO. S(yiithtvorth'’s
Bra«ket
"Alpha Tau,Om§gn ;8*hr>' fi® yrtii altCtnu ikappa 27 12 Pi Kappa Alpha 27 12 JPhi Delta Theta 28 1.7 Phi/ Kappa ^Slitma 22 17 jThoto JXi ‘ , 22 17 W kail)pa Phi t5 24 Sigtnn Pi 15, 21 Chi Alpha 14 27 Beta Sigma Psi 13 26 ^cta .Chi . 18 28 Phi KsPPh Tau 11 28 Alpha Gamma ftho 2 37 "B" Rtpciket W. L. -Delta Tau Delta 40 9 Delta iljnfiilon 27 12 Sigma Nu 26 IS SigihajAlpha Epeilon 24 16 Kappa Delth Bho 23 16 Tau Kappa Epallon 23 16 Acacia 21 18 'Alpha Sigma Pti 21 18 Phi Kappa 20 19 Alpha Chi Rho 17 22 Phi Ganjtna Delta 11 28 Tau Epailon Phi 11 28 Phi Kappa Psi 10 29 Triangle 9 30 ilNDlVlDUAL SCORES Hinzt, Sigma Pi 175 Kendnck, Delta Tau Delta 170 7 Starck, Delta -Upsilpn , 169 6 Seabright, Alpha Tau Omega 169 Barnca, Etelta Dpsilon 168.9 Murray. PM Delta Theta 167 4 ■Weichei, Alpha I Sigma Psi 165.6 I^dgc, Sigma J7u 163,2 Henderson, Delta Upsiion 162 63 Stpckmcicr, "Sigma Alpha Epsilon 162.6 Adamson, 'Delta Tau Delta 162 36 Jndiana MU Sponsors Open Track Meet Here On Saturday Afternoon SatuiMay a^fternoon the Boilermakers fieldhouse will be the scene of an open track meet spon.8ored by the Indiana AAU and open to any and all amateur athletes in the state. The time for the events to begin has been set for 2:30 p. m. and a large ciowd of entrants is expected to be on hand to compete. It IS to be emphasized that all amateur athletes will be allowed to enter and there will be no age limit on competitois. Due to this fact, it is expected that there will be a large numbei of schools and oiganizations throughout the state who will send their entries. Entiles have already been assured from the stiong tiack squads from Notre Dame, Butler, Indiana and our own track squad. In addition to the fieshinan squad who will entei unattached, the entire Riveter varsity team will take pait in the competition. GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS
Wiodlnesday^ E^hrwar,y 18, 1942
Swimoiers invade CMiio State To
Bucket Sophs
Jeungst, and Herr. These men will swim in the same events that they swam against the Hoosiers and Michigan.
Ohio Tough 1
The Buckeyes this year will present one of the strongest arrays in
nent, the Riveter Tankmen their history. Especially predom-
Sfeiwv Promise Makifig their third start against a conference oppo-
The Sprts Destiip
By phil johnson
morthwestern And Chicago This Week
. , Saturday night the Eoilermakers will play the fitst of the remaining clash with ^Ohio State S Buck- inate in the lineup are a number pf games scheduled on foreign courts. They will remain in
eyes this evening at Colum- sophomores who are threatening bus. They will ibe striving to conference’s leading . 1. . , 1 swimmers for their supremacy, .imbrjve their season’s record caplin Leltt of the-Bucks it one which shows a victory over In- of country’s outstanding sprintdiana and a loss to Michigan’s ers, and he and the Boilermaker Wolverines, perennial confer- leader, Dick Kratzer, will r-ace in ence champions. outstanding events of
Those leaving tomorrow at c
7.46 are Ancker, Anderson, j,^]] Buckeye’s outstanding Lake, Tingley, Bauer, Bran- sophomores have had a,great deal nei", Krueck, Ericksen, Gap- of competitive experience in prep
City over the week-end, and play their return battle with Nortliw^atem
Monday evening.
The game at Chicago \Vill probably be more interesting than most pei’sons have planned all season, although it is hard to fear a team which you have already drubbed by the score of 64-19. The lifaroona came within a hair of winning Monday over Northwestern,.e^^JShey were three points ahead with very little time remaining before Northwestern hit a few last minute baskets for a one point win,
^ Polk For Fons Saturday
Chuck ‘Fona has been keeping up the Chicago tradition of having one scoring flash each season such as Joe Stampf and Dick Harlow in f J.86.IL 1 *4 I 11 r\ I I j V/X V C l-CXlV^t7 111
tain Dick Kratzer, Hansel, of th®™ have at- fitting for from lO to 20 points regularly.
tended eastern schools which have K Cecil Polk can continue his defensive finesse which has -thfr entire ' ' an extensive swimming program conference talking about him, against Fons, then the Boilermakers
far superior to that offered by mid- should not have much to fear,
western high schools. Ohio has two m- .. — outstanding divers, Batterman and ^ 0hlO Tankers 'Here Toilighf Dempsey of whom .'Demmey is a 54! La^ iWeelc Michigan’s number one collegiate swimming tepm ^nsoph. Buckeye fans are expecting vaded the local Fieldhouse to swim against the Boilermaker tank team-
Sigma Pi Wins Top Place In Fraternity Riflery - Reed Stars 'Sigma Pi took first place in the annual Interfrateinity Rifle Shoot by shooting 561 out of a possible 600 points The shoot extended over a peiiod of two weeks and the final lesults were released yesteiday. Pugh led his team to victory with 192 of a possible 200. Close on their
heels was Pi Kappa Alpha, who Pi’obably the outstanding perform
them to follow in the footsteps of the great A1 Patmk and Earl Clark. Schnabel and Ryan are both excellent middle distance men, and they also belong to this group of sophomores. In the bi'east sti’oke, the Rivetei’s Joe Williamson will be opposed by Spangler, another soph, who has been swimming excellent times in the early meets.
were nosed out by the nai row mar-
gin of six points
Individual honors were copped by Reed, Phi Gamma Delta, with a scoie of 195. He was piessed clo'^ely by Walsh, PiKA, who finished within one point oi his rival
er of the year for the Buckeyes has been Follansbee, a whirlwind backsti oker. ,
Riveters Underdogs
Coach Papenguth is of the opinion that this meet will be even tougher lor the team that the con-
Tonight, the number two conference team and also one of the uaticn’a top collegiate teams will face the Boilermakers. It can never be that Purdue is picking an easy swimming schedule. , This Ohio State team has been beaten twice by Michigan'this but only by vei y slight margins They are very neatly as ,ppwai^ul as the famous Wolverine team. Hire's How Tke fioilermaker Scoring Frosty Sprowl continues to lead the scoring for'PuEdne iir^giT^^n games, with an average of 12.7 points per game. Captain Don Bl^mken has 78 points and A1 Menke is in third place with 74 points. T^etiedmplete scoring statistics are as follows: ,
iversity Book Store fonowmg men
also finished Michigan. By swimming
Across From Union Sammons *29 “Doc” Epple ’40
with scoies over 190: Pugh and Sollitt, 192; Aiinstiong, 191; Ruel
and Shevell, 190
10c
PAUL'S PLACE
10c
BEEF STEAK HOME MADE CHILI
BEEF BARB-Q PORK TENDERLOIN
Phone 2645'
FURNAS ICE CREAM 216 W. Columbia St.
We Deliver
against the strongest teams possible he hopes to provide the Boilermakers with the neeessaiy expel lence in competition by the time the confeience meet rolls around. He also feels that thus far in the season the Buckeyes have shown a better balance of team strength than any team m the Big Ten including Michigan’s mighty Wolver-
ines. d.in.s.
Player and Position
GP
FG
FT
PTM
PF
TP
Forrest Sprowl, f.
, 10
55
17
7
1?'
Don Blanken, g.
10
34
10
11
15
18
A1 Menke, c.
10
28
18
Ifi
24 ,
14
Bob Riley, g-f.
8
10
17
11
,9
'll
John Tierney, t.
9
13
4
2
' »
sl
John Conrad, t.
5
7
4
4
5
18
Howard Hoffman, f.
7
7
3
3
,3
1?
Cecil Polk, g.
9
5
4
3
3
14^
John Swantz, c.
5
4
0
1
3
8
Floyd Lawson, f.
4
3
2
a
IB
8
Charles Caress, g.
8
2 »
2
3
4
i
Donald Adams, g.
4
1
0
0
1
Fred Krampe, c.
2
1
0
0
.1
■ 1
Warren Seaborg, f.
1
1
0
1
.3
j
Paul Friend, g.
1
1
0
0
1
i
Jack YVright, f.
1
0
0
0
4
a
Loren Borwer, g.
1
0
0
0
0'
9
Team Totals
10
172
81
65
95
-42|
OVER 60,000 NEW BABIES FOR INDIANA
IN 1942
Let these ‘slipcovers’ Modernize old style bring you modernA lamps with diffusing indirect lighting, bowls like this.
New ■yrifig"«rin type See the new I.E.S. •f lamp. Gives you lamps tVday. Get light Just where you scientific, sight-aid-want it, ing light at low cost.
SAVE EYESIGHT
with tow cost light conditioning « • i i
,. . Bom with normal vision, but 12,000 of them wii! have defective eyesisht by school ase. Those are the figures . . • one out ot every five children has defective eyesight by the time he enters school! And yet it is a condition that is so unnecessary, so easily avoided —- at so little cost. Give thought now to the proper light conditioning of every room in your home. Sec that you have lamps placed in the most advantageous spots, that the bulbs are the correct size, that the fixtures arc the most modern and efficient type, A few moments now and at nominal cost will go a long way toward safeguarding the eyesight of your loved ones.
- Tuna In—-“Tlia Hour of Charm” — Sundays'at 9 P. M. PUBLIC SERVICE COMPANY OF INDIANA, INC
EDGERTQN HDWE.,1NC. * HARDWARE-PA I NTS and SUNDRIES FLOOR POLISHERS and SANOJRS FOR, RENT - Phone 4354 We
Gorgeous Chinese-/" fMgetndili Easy as 1-2^3
CHEN YU 1-2-3 SET for a very short time only ^[50 Here are the three things you need for a fingernail make-u{> that Will d-azzle dll eyes with its Chinese lacquer beauty and real jewel luster. 1—put on Lacquetol B^ise . . . 2"—a|»ply Chen Yu Nail Lacquer (.>our favorite shade) and . . . J; »< coat of Chen Yu’s new “Chip-Chek” Finishing Lacquer-— to guard the seaet of Chen Yu’s amazing resistance to chip-' ping and peeling—then Oh! u'ibai d nidnicure you will hAvet 1-2-3—they’re all together in d set.
cfoeli^
COSMETICS
STREET ^■''Ma '1
w^, ^V«'
.iff ^ W ^
A" .1 *' '
Purdue Exponent
Wednesday^ Pebmdry 18^ 1942)
SCDIITIMG THE SHOPS Boilermaker Squad
nifh Jud^ McCtiUoeeh
\
Mt'SIC IS THE FIRST LI^E . . . of flefcnso of AmciKan moiak ’ Ihis m thr thrnio of '^nutlinorth's atliactur con tei HindoTc di^plac mIiicIi foatiiios Paul Rohofion. tlio populai no<iio Rinaoi lliitniisioal presentation is Innlt aiound a large lighted hack dio]> Tchich has as a caption the sloiian. ‘ Music is the hist liin of defense of \ineiiean inoK^e Be nealli tliH heading is a hi<r map of the noi Id n itli the United Slates picdoimnant Sniionnd mg the hack diop is a displ.ic oi i adios phonogiaphfi. and a caiieti ol leeoids and all lai retold dejiailinent in tin haek of the stoi Snuthn nrlh's-—elassual '.cceit and sMina’
nils Ihiiii llu |)opuIt s ninsK week al
\Ol
STllL S\M
and
FOR DFFTASl
Is ‘H
et ha\< that .ill impoi taut wclldtcsscd ap peiiaiKi loi cMii llu most diah diO's can he ))ii_lil(nfd inexpeiisn (h with <K(e««oiies lioiii I n( b s Coloifnl ailificial flowiisol all kinds and d( s( 11])|liin Ilf the m.nn haliiic ol llu cxcjuisiti <t((essoi\ (011111(1 lhaiililnl hiinciUs ol violets, d.iisies (h(ine~ ind v\liil( pujiu flowtis aie displa\((l with nov(l hallui and vain eualions [( voiiK one o< tlu manv |ieisoiis who has echoid tin kIiiiii M hv dcu sn i souu oiu itiv ( nl gold and sihci hail-hows'* voni piavei has h( en msw< led loi ainonii ilu Howii clips and pliiiin s I found tiltin' The hnaht new s< lection ol stalls ineliides lovelv wo(d' tollons. and silks in jilaid, jilain and doial jialteins ( hief among tlitse is the ciiiienth
iavoi t (1 ti in_( stv 1( St <n I
(Contiimed fioni page 1) lie the scoi c That is just about the out a lot of jiunishmeiit to his oppo nent hut was unable to pi css his shoultltis to the mat Mickey McDonald and Captain Casey Fiedciicks won the fiist two matches h'^ the same scoie, 7 1 Then vittoims ovei lommy Toma las and Iiv Kagen lespettively made it seem as if the Rivcteis weie on then wav^ to anothei confeience win Alex Alco was the fii&t Illinois man to bleak into the victory column as ht annexed a close decision ovci Maik Matov ina in the 1S6 pound cl iss ( ajitain Ttd Scabiook dccisioned Ro.^ Claseman in a match that i® K ill\ a tiibutc to the Illinois man’s coinage Seabiook injuied his knee 111 the hist peiiod o f the match, but hung on with gum deteimi'nation to tike the nod ovei the iedheaded Boilei inakoi Classeman Ruts Oil fiood Show \oi m Anthonsen of Illinois pinned liivctti Velmai Davis toi the onlv w m b\ a lall in the six matches that wcio staged Big, blonde Anthonsen was a mastci showman in addition to licing a bettei than avciagc wies tl( 1 His antics on thc^mat and his < bility at baiting the tiowd went th( hi hhghts of the piogian fi om the standpoint oi showmanship A siimmaiy of the matches loi low s M 11 n I I IPI (1 1( t I 1 nni e- (11 1
Cancellations Students who desire to cancel couises without grade should do so before 4 30 p m , Wednesday, Febi 25 Cantellations c a i d s may be obtained fioni the heads ot depai tments These taids should be signed bj the head ol the school as well as by tbe head ol the department in which the subject IS given The cai ds should then be placed m the Registrar’s OHite —Dean of Men
DlD’tOL KM)\\ that von cm obtain / Ik Bool of thr Month Club brri irr lioin llu I nn(rslt^ Bool Stoi/ Ao donlil von wtie avtaii ol tin-- linlliav( vonevti ^(iionslv tonsuleietl tlu ulv intake-w hit h a snl)«( i iplion to the clnh o1T(Mn'' riiionghont tlu vtai twtlvi out landing hooks aic «ol( < t( (I hv llu (lull onlv ioni ol which von—as a moinlu 1 lit i( qnii( d to hnv and foi ev ei V two hooks pui t has(sd v on i ((( iv ( a no tlu i lift I I it'll loo. as an cniolhneni puunnni a ii(( hook is piosintcd to t u h now suhscrihoi \I1 in all von hnv loni hooks and loioivi ihui oi the lie( piominm litxdv'—ind \oiii (hout is not limiltd to tlu twolvf solectod hooks alone lint niav iiu huh loinui hooks-ol-tlu month as well as otlu i ])oi)nlai fditions Ask to si e the Book ol iho-month Clnh Aows a ])i o pnhlu at ion uvuw oi llu fomin_ hook-of-thc-month, idiniral of thr 0< ((tn Srri I the lili ol Chiisto ])hei Colnnihnsl hv Samnol Fliol Moi ison, and also sut i nu t k ports ahont all othoi ini|)oilanl lu w hooks |)iihlislud (lining, llu month HOT OFF dllE RICORDl R (and I do nu an hot') is tlu ( olnmhi i lotoid 1 /not Si If (loi mv Snndav gal') l( ilniing fx.iv Kvsoi and his otilustia— voials hv Snllv M ison with liiulv, lack and Max Ol Piol Ivv s( i litals out a sJiai ]) 1 hv thin that w ill s( t those lu jt ( its to pvtiii fioni llu \ i( loi 10(01(1 alhniii (onus i smooth \ili( Shaw i(iulilu)ii d l/uiil Minhd ■)Moon \ili(' IK w voedist fi( dda (,ihson (i ^gal I (lo( s a nohic )oh ol singiii,. isw((i lomanlu roliaiJi. Fafking iioiu >d that ^,00(1 (dd (,l(nn Milhi stv h is /vii/i Em Flying a Bliuhiid Kioid wilhonl vo(tds, uul in llu slvh (d Mill( I s ])0])nlai Siting of Biurls 'ton II find tlus( liiiie iiid othois jii't a« good in tlu iteoid (hpaitnuiit ol the I osl( i Shop
SAE Will Select Officers From Juniors Thursday New office is foi the Society of Automotive Engmoeis will be so lected at a mgetmg at 30 p m Thmsday m i oom 503 of the Union Because ol the change in th(> semestei plan, a new policy is being taken this semestci Potential offi tcis will be elected dining then junioi vcai and will be undei the leadeishij) ot the incsont senioi ot hceis until aitei the end ol* this semcstei, at which time the\ will
take office
Hort Society To Elect New Officers Tonight Mtmbcis ol the Hoiticultui il So cicty will discuss suinmei activities and elect office i s in a meeting at 7 50 tonight in the asscmblj loom ot the Hoi ticultui e building Exiiciieiiccs in nmketing hoiti cultui il Clops will bo iclated by Maviu Andcis tollowcd b-\ i dis cussum of list summoi s ROTf cimjifo? ulvanced mihfT!V students hv Loi) Bull t( 1 111(1 John Knop Pffic hn cuts will Ik scivcd attci the (l( rtion ol offae is
Phi Dells, Ward 24 To Vie For Campus Net Crown Tonight Tonight at 8 p m on the mam flooi in Fieldhouse the Phi Delta Theta Class “A” inteifiateinity basketball championship team will clash with a vciy stiong class “A” Waicl championship team of Waid 24 foi the official intiamuial basketball
Clown ot the campus
Both teams aie composed ot out standing playcis and compiled vciy impiessive lecoids m winning then lespettivo championships All membeis of the Waid 21 team vvoik in the Women l^osidence Halls as vvait-
Membeis ot the Waid team who Will take the floor tonight will be “Red” Anclcison, Phil Bonnell, John Shoop Bob Schodff, and Lai i y Woods, with leseivos Pied Teglei
and Einost Tilly
The staiting live loi the Phi Dolts will be Jim Rush, Carl Tatcl, Carl Hipp Dick Welty and Dick LaMastci, with ‘Red” Biyan also slated
toi plenty ot action
Notices
M <.stminslor rouniittion Thou will be a S \ lilt 1 11(1 i> Icbriaiv 20 it ^ I m 11) LMip \m1I mut il th( chin )i r 1 1 V( li m th i 1 sdjoiK is iiiMlni
IHOMA
I n^lish M ke Tb> Fx ims I x iminatioi o um vg ( s ind Ism 1 nt,lisli will bo jiMn SitiirdiN Tittinoon 1 cb 21 in !(om 101 tf thi I liu 111 m Iniildmjjf J\(iy s(u ! nl 1 nioMnu i ( must h im n Jtmiu i! (I n iiti n ( ir I Api lu itiniis slujuld I i\ tit It n ini s it tl I null b jfhci i om JOH f Uni\ i i(\ II ill 1 V I luliy I b >0
- CRIIW
MC 30 Make-Up exontR ISxaminationa to romovc G and I grades in ME 30 will be givei^^^ntmday March 14 at 1 p m m room 101 of tno^ME buildinff Plon*ie notify me if interested —GEIGER Society of Automotive En8:ineers AIT mcnilM?i*s dcsinni; to obtain office in the SAT next youi should come to the mcetinp: in loom 303 Union biuldinft' at 7 80 Thurs (lav r<b 20 This is i now syste^n and all intoiostcd mcmbcis should bo thoic to jrlvc thoii vjowpoints and to make nominations
KEIL
WAA All p:uls that me mtoiestod in tumbling: includinu those that have boon practicing bo sine to come Tuesday and Ihiirsdny at 4 p m Wo arc starting to work on Penny Cm nival — KAUGHMAN Horticultural Society M (.linp: Wednes day Fob 18 in loom 117 of the Horticulture linildiim U 7 TO pm Rilushmcnts will bo Mixed —rULMKR WAA Pinff-Poiiff Piist lound of tourna merit must be plnytd of! by Wednesday Fob luiry 25 llu lollowirif? Kiris arc scheduled to 1 laj Hock vs lUokart Shell vs Fonts Wateibuiy v Mein/ei Lvans vs Brick min laustioh vs Jonos Williamson v» Blink Milki vs Schuber Bradshaw vs I Old Wamplei vs Bower Monnen vs Ver Hoixen BikikUi (B) vs Cimplull Kmi dull Vs Rosonci ms — SCHUBER WAA Shufflehoard Fust lonnd of torn narrunt must be playtd olT by Wednesday Tib 25 Ihi follovMhf Kiris nu scheduled to play Haiu vs Bovver Veillofven vs Fonts KtruHll vs Schnbir Toms vs Mei hv SCHUBLR Purdue Ridin]> Club Impoitant meclinK Widnisdiy Teh 18 it 7 30 in loom of the Union Anyone intirostid is invited to itUnd BROWN Au Pd SocietiJ No utulai mootiriK this xviik InsU id mcml) I's lu iiiKcd to attind a puul discussion on the problems of aduH idueUion How can h nni iionomies ifid voinlionil Auriiulturc tfuehois stiviei tlu lamily xihich will ht hi Id Widrusdiv I<b 18 fiom '"1 t( K 10 pm in loom 201 ol thi rducation Bnddinu Siabhard ind Blade Foi mil mcetinK Wedrusdo Itli IH at 7 10 in the south tixvei loom ol tlu Union Insiuetion wen uniloims itui vxhiti shuts All numhois III ixpictid to itUnd SUT I IVAN I xponent 1 reshmen Assignments is fol lows Mmdiv Iitvmm liusdn Iiscbii ( 111 1 VcUl W dnisday Knturr Spciofl 1 burs lav lb mrn Pk is i ifitonnicbts LsM^ni 1 UUI I Nl R Student Art Guild Miitinu W( dnosd iv I b 18 at 1 TO p rn in room 2( 1 ol the Ui ion Bum in lomiktid studmt art sin vfxs 1 o mi ziiR ind tuwspiptr clip ) ni,„s SI ital 1 loi tlu iiosii live r^uilil i\ hd t n J lu Arts In Wiitnru ”ARKS Forestry Clnl) M ilnu Widiusdii fib 18 U I 10 j m in Kxm 11" ol tlu Horti lultni Iiuildin H I M< sbau\,h xv ill spiak SC UNblOFR I lyinir Club TUj.iilai mcrtniK Widnos I 5 III 18 it 10 1 m in lojm 101 of II ( Union HABICIIl
Kappa Psf An especially important meeting for all actives in room 803 Union at 7 30 p m on Wednesday, Fob 25 AIL membeis an to bo present
—SCOTT
AWS Executive Board* Mectinif has been changed to 4 p m Thursday, Feb 10 m thi AWS office - McCullough Poultry Club Important meeting at " 80 p m Thursday Feb 19 room 212 Union Cdxvard Monefoc will speak
~ ARVIDSON
Scriveners Will the following persdns please leport at 1 p m on Thursday, Feb 19 in the Scrivener office room 68, of Union Hu8te<l Seanght Graves, Smith Urny Riegle Boynton Stewart Stout r^nd Flint Refreshments will be sirved
-JUSTIN
Alpha 7eta Turn in all money collected fiom boniors before Saturday Feb 21 Don t forget the composites I will be m the AgricuTturlsf oflice tVfiy evening nt i 30 p m —RAMP All Agriculturist Seniors Theie is a cost of $ "0 for each senior composite picture to be hung in Ag Hall Pliust pay my Alpha /eta membir beloii. Saturday Fib 21 RAMP Tea Dance Committee Tnipoitant meet mu at 1 10 p m Wednesday Feb 18 in Union office Followinff persons please repoi t Chapman MacDonald Goodmote Stanbaugh Walbilhck Pingry Menefee Biumei Warren Hagenor Busby Carden er Dittmann Rodgcis Lots of work to do - DUESTER
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines all makea sold renUd repaired and purchased Mimeograph woik done C J Lbershoff 606 Main, Lafayette Phone 2770 Chevrolet 19 1 two dooi foi sale Has tins W W Cl like 50i Stall Phono 0007 Lost Tin ind white collie pup No col lu Viiy thin Answers to name of Alxu N(lili Sahsburj coop Tel 5118 lost Monday moining bmall jiwikd NjUo Dame pin Re waid C ill 1070 Adams Lost Watch A highly prized gift in xvishioom ol Union Building Rivvird Phone 35 112 lost Pin Gamma Dclti pin somewheie on < imniis Bill Bell Call 50(1 Vocal lesions Positively no elaiis J'c'^sdn Iteau'it pimils git little results Pnvate insLiu''lion only I guuiantee results lo vincoie put ils Audition fue Fdwaid I 1 ink Studio I ahr Upli I Phoni 4055
Comfort and Security Away from Home HOTEL FOWLER Blue Blazer Tap Room Walnut Room Cale Air Conditioned 4th and Ferry Sts. Lafayette
6 NEW Ties for 50c? No—Not New . . . They Jusl Look New Saiulone(lt\ ckxining i esloi cii llu siik’ !ii'-[('i ol ntwiu'^'i to your lies. S|,e<ial iii<>r('(li< iits .uliialh i ('lulu i< ale tlu fibres, a "‘•i!k-nuli“ liiiisli. —LI 1 I s ni M If )(H n in s /voii — DIAT. 7278 AMlRICill liliH! I 42 Xdi tli\(('‘(i(‘i II Vi(.
Pid/uluA
MARCH 6th is the date when the Debris price goes up to $5.50. Get your Debris while they are $5.00. You can call or come personally to the Debris business office between 4 and 5 p. m. MARCH 6th