I , \ . iv <
-t i
! t , Hi /
/ im
In Today's News • Studen^ls Pay Tribute To Jordan • Senate Approves SAA Revisions • Instructor, Student Hurt In Plane Crash
X-llt
FouihM In 1889
- /ki
Daily Since 1908
Volume 52, No. 163
West Lcdoyette, Indiana
Wednesday, April 23, 1941
Senate Proposes SAA Constitution Revisions
Last night the Student Senate unanimously approved the proposed constitution for the Purdue Athletic Council, which will, if passed by student vote, replace the present Student Athletic Association. The action of the Senate does not replace the SAA by the Council. The constitution must now ■be passed by the Executive Committee of the University. The proposed constitution for the Council places the student representation with the athletic department in the hands of a nine man committee composed of the two senior managers for .football, baseball, and track and the senior basketball manager. The athletic director and the chairman of the faculty athletic committee Will complete the (Council. The two present SAA juniors will serve on the Council during the year 1941-42. They will serve in equal capacity as tjie managers and will be eligible for election to the three officers’ positions, president, vicepresident, and secretary-treasurer. Students Not Members Students will not be members of the Council, as they have been in SAA, but the constitution provides that if three students petition tbe Council on matters regarding athletics that the Council shall consider the petition. The election of yell leaders shall also come under the jurisdiction of the Council. PAC will also co-or-dinate the duties of the student athletic managers. Qualifications For Letters Quabfications for major awards are enumerated in the constitution. These major awards include the four sports, tennis, swimming, wrestling, and cross-country, which last week were^raised to the level of major sports. Qualifications for minor awards are also listed. The object of the PAC as listed m the constitution is as follows: “The object of this association is to cooperate in promoting such athletic sports at Purdue University as are in harmony with the laws of physical, mental, and moral development. The Council shall serve as representatives of the student body to the Athletic Ueartment. It shall also be the purpose of the Council to coordinate the activities of the various student managers.” Frozen Food Locker Men Meet Here Today At Second Conference Frozen food locker plant operators will hold their second annual conference on campus today and tomorrow. Representatives from nearly all of the approximately 60 frozen food locker plants in the state are expected to attend, president Clyde C. White announced. This morning’s program includes a report of the year’s activities and a discussion of “Turnover in Merchandising” by Neal Bantre, of Marion. The afternoon’s program will provide talks on handling foods in locker plants with meats to be discussed by Sleeter Bull, University of Illinois animal husbandman; vegetables and fruits, by K. I. Fawcett of Purdue; and smoked meats by Curtis A. Keen, Chicago, 111. Home freezing units, handling of frozen foods, and plant operation problems will be respectively discussed by Richard Wirtz, agricultural engineer; Prof. Gail Redfleld, home economist; and Prof. H. G. Venemann, refrigerating eiigineer, all of Purdue, on Thursday morning. The final session of the conference on Thursday will be devoted largely to business matters and election of officers, j.r.
Gala Week Dance May 3 To Feature J. Reichman Band "Pagliacci of the Piano" To Present Famous Band Joe Reichman and his orchSstra will play for the Gala Week dance on Saturday, May 3, in both ballrooms of the Urlion, the Gala Week committee announced last night. Admission price will be one dollar, but seniors and alumni who purchase tickets to the Pounders* Day banquet that same evening will . be admitted free to the dance. The dance will be informal, and from 9 to 12 o’clock. Reichman, “The Pagliacci of the Piano,” numbers among his recent appearances the hotels Waldorf Astoria, New Yorker and Pennsylvania in New York, the William Penn in Pittsburgh, the Netherlands Plaza in Cincinnati, the Baker in Dallas, the Palmer House in Chicago, the Mark Hopkins in San Francisco and the Cocoanut Grove in Los Angeles. He is noted for his piano playing, having his hands insured for $60^000, $6,000 a finger. In showmanship, he ranks high, one of his prime pieces being the fixture of an illuminated mirror above the keyboard of his piano so that audience and dancers can see his famous hands in action. It was because of this illuminated keyboard that one of the onlookers at the Mark Hopkins Hofei in San Francisco dubbed him “The Pagliacci of tl^e Piano,” a name which has stuck. PIA Announces 7 Rew Board Appointments The following seven appointments to next year’s PIA board were announced by the old and new executive boards of the ^ PIA following interviews of the applicants Monday night: Men’s Social chairman, Eugene Bohlke; -men’s activities chairman, Ed Humphrey; political chairman, Richard Sleeper; membership chairman, Frank Goris; women’s activities chairman, Roberta Kessler; women’s social chairman, Anna Jensen; publicity director, Irving Smulevitz. These officers, along with the other newly elected board members, will be installed at the annual PIA banquet, Sunday, April 27, at which President Elliott will be the principal speaker. The banquet is open to all independents and the price of the dinner is fifty cents. d.e.b. Student Dairy Club Picks April 26 As Dairy Dpy Dairy Day, a new activity sponsored by the Dairy Club, will be held on the campus, Saturday, April 26. The program will consist of a dairy cattle judging contest, a dairy products judging contest and the annual dairy cjub banquet Saturday night. Registration for the dairy day contests will be held in Smith Hall from Monday, April 21, to Thursday, April 24. Any freshman, sophomore or junior who is taking or has taken a semester course is eligible to enter the contest and compete for the many attractive prizes. Banqi^et tickets must be purchased for admittance to the contests. Sigma Delta . . . will meet each Tuesday and Thursday at 4:00 in Ross-Ade Stadium until further notice is made.
-ii^From All Fronts—— Today's Summary Of War News
Co Cbicago Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily Ne-ws, Ine • Nazis 100 Miles ... Athens German troops, pushing to points within 100 miles of Athens, have occupied positions on both the British and Greek flanks, Berlin announces, and the official news agency says thel^azi Army is pursuing “a beaten enemy ” !|! ♦ * • Germans Control Air The Germans in Greece are almost totally unopposed in air activities, radios George Weller, who is at the front with the British and was “bombed and machine-gunned almost continuously for 12 hours.” On the ground. Imperial infantry flghts bitterly but lacks tanks. % • British Fleet Bombs Tripoli Tripoli was bombarded for 42 minutes by the British Mediterranean ^fleet, supported by airplanes, London said six transport and supply ships and one destroyer were hit. The capital of Italian Libya has been the landing point of German forces. * * * • Turks Believed 'Next' Turkey believes it is next on Germany’s program of conquest, it was said yesterday in Istanbul. Nazi troops have occupied the Greek island of Samothrace, just outside Turkish territorial waters, and are attacking the British on the island of Lemnos, which dominates the Dardanelles. " » * * * • Nazis Attack Plymouth Striking in force three times, German raiders last night singled out Plymouth on the southwest coast, starting large fires and causing many casualties. Even so, it was said officially that damage was lighter than in previous raids on this area. « 4c « • Germans In Egypt German scout units have pushed into Egypt from the Libyan frontier, after repulsing British attacks, it was said officialy in Berlin. Pilot And Instructor Injured In Crack-Up Of CAA Training Ship Two occupants of a “Cub” trainer, being used in the primary course of the Civilian Pilot Training Program at the Univeisity airport, escaped with minor injuries when the ship crashed yesterday afternoon in a field about six miles southwest of Lafayette, according to information received from Capt. L. I. Aretz, lessee of the airport. Owen P. Jones, instructor, received numerous cuts and bruises about the face and head when the ship was caught by a sudden down draft Vhile CAA student Arthur Christenson, Met ’41 was executing practice maneuvers at a low altitude. Christenson was uninjured except for a slight cut on the face. The plane was hurled against a tree which caught one wing causing the ship to plow into the ground with power on. Capt. Aretz described the accident as a “major crack-up” and stated that the aircraft was badly damaged. r.l.li. Pharmacists' Conyenfion To Begin Here Tomorrow _ Pharmacists from six states will be on the campus tomorrow and Friday to attend the annual Joint meeting of the American Association of Colleges of Pharmacy and the National Association of Boards of Pharmacy. Professor Frank Hall, of the department of History and Economics, will be gugst speaker at the closing banquet Friday evening. m.k.b.
Dean Charles B. Jordan Dies
USNR Officers Memoriam
Describe Life
Of Navy Pilots “Every college student should earn more than $21 per month, while training for this nation’s defense,” stated Lt. Olson of the Naval Reserve, yesterday afternoon to several hundred students and co-^ eds in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering building. “The USNR is willing to pay you $76 per month while you take their training.” Flying Boilermakers Boilermaker coach, Mai Elward, Ensigns Wmterrowd and Ripley, and Lt. Olson were introduced by Commander F. M. McWhirter, com-
Junior and senior engineers who applied for special service engineering commissions in the naval reserve several weeks ago may expect to receive, in the early part of May, definite information as to their naval status, and possibly where they will be expected to serve. manding officer of the Third Naval Reserve Area, who is on the campus to form a special unit to be known as the “Flying Boilermakers.” The program was opened with a moving picture, “Eyes of the Navy” showing the glamour side of the Navy’s air fleet. Following this sound film. Commander McWhirter stated that 55 percent of all aviators have been connected with the navy. Olsen Answers Questions Lt. Olson will be in the Health Service until 4 p. m. today to answer any questions and point out the opportunities of naval training for your future^ occupation. Coach Elward, reminiscing about his earlier ^ays with the USNR said, “We really studied, more than some of ouf engineers attempt because it was a disgrace to flunk any of the weekly exams. My one mistake, in which you boys have an advantage, IS my lack of college engineering courses.” Social Life ^ Ensign Ripley spoke of the social and financial problems. Recreatiofn is provided, even to the Saturday night dances in the Officers’ Club. After the eight months training, the student receives the officer’s pay of approximately $245 a month. For each year that you are in service $500 bonus is added. The age limit which was erroneously printed in the Exponent yesterday should read 20 to 27 The Plight Selection Board will return early m May to complete organization of the Purdue Naval Reserve unit, e.w.n. Four Freshmen Will Discuss Counseling Pour freshmen will discuss their reactions to the counseling program at the first AWS meeting for next year’s counselor’s to be held in the lecture room of Stanley Coulter Hall at 4 p. m. tomorrow. The freshman speakers are Caroline Wood, Beth Ludberg, Ann Bishop, and Martha Hilligoss. Joyce Burnham, retiring vicepresident of AWS, will also speak on “What It Meant To Be a Counselor.” e.m.s.
Notice, Seniors! ^ Senior commencement invitation and announcement sales close on Thursday, April 24. That is the last date pn which orders can be placed. They are on sale at Southworth’s, Deac’s and the University bookstores, and the west desk of the Union. —Gala Week Committee.
President E. C. Elliott of the University paid the following tribute to Dean Jordan when he learned of
his death:
“For more than 30 years Dean Jordan served as the constructive leader of the School of Pharmacy of the University. He was a zealous
Dean C. B. Jordan missionary for higher standards for the profession of Pharmacy. Through his foresighted planning, the School of Pharmacy came to occupy a leading place not only in the educational and 'Scientific work of the University but also among the schools of pharmacy of the nation. All of us who were privileged to work with him, mourn the passing of a rare pqysonal character of distinguished professional ability.”
Dean Stratton Tells Girls To Volunteer For Community Jobs “How you get to care is the core of all education. If you don’t care, the thing we call the United States of America won’t last long.” With these words Dean Dorothy Stratton highlighted her talk last night at the Conference on “(jllpportunities for Women in Volunteer Jobs” held in the south ballroom of the Union at 5:30. Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, leader in volunteer work and staff member of the General Engineering department, addressed the group on the theme of the program. Speakers on the topic, “What We Can Do in Our Own Community,” discussed the various phases of volunteer work open to college women and giaduates. Dr. Louise Meikle spoke of the various opportunities for seivice in the Red Cross, Women Voters, Symphony, Public Health and Needlework Guild organizations. Activities of the Girls’ Leadership and Child Study groups was explained by Di. M. L. Mattson. Miss Jean Harvey told of openings in the Women’s- Voluntary Service, Youth Guidance, Planning, and Better Homes groups. Mrs. H. C. Verweibe stiessed the need for college girls who know how to organize in her talk on the YWCA, Family Welfare and Church organizations. Dean Mary Matthews explained the activities of the 4-H and Home Economics clubs. The conference, the first of its kind on the campus, was sponsored by the Lafayette Branch of the American Association of University Women, Gold Peppers, and the Women’s Placement Service. Senior women were guests at the banquet which preceded the conference, d.s.
73 Couples
... 29 sta^ andi T wallflowers attended the Union Tea Dance yea* terday afternoon from 4 to 5:46 o’clock in the North Ballroom.
Head Of School Of Pharmacy For 30 Years Dr. Charles B. Jordan, dean of the school of Pharmacy, died yesterday in Chicago following a week’s illness. Following his classes last Tuesday Jordan journeyed to Chicago to address the branch of the American Pharmaceutical Association there. Stricken Suddenly He addressed the meetmg and a few minutes later was stricken with a heait -attack. He was taken immediately to the Presbyterian hospital where hC was reportedly making excellent progress until Tuesrday evening when complication set in. Prom then on his condition grew steadily worse. The passing of Dr. JordaU yesterday at the age of 62 brought an end to a 40 year career in pharmacy, 30 of which were spent on the University faculty. He joined the faculty in 1910 as professor of pharmaceutical chemistry and director of the department of pharmacy. He served in this capacity until the department of Pharma*^ was changed to a school and he * was made its dean. As such he instituted a four-year professional course which ranks second to none ■ in the country. Michigan Graduate Prior to his service here Jordan graduated from Michigan State Normal College and acted as superintendent of schools in his home town, Morrice, Mich., for four years. Following this he attended Michigan State University where he obtained an advanced degree in 1910. Dean Jordan has been active in state and national pharmaceutical associations for many years and served as president of the American (Continued on page 4) AChS To Hear Lecture By Eyring Tomorrow Dr» Henry Eyring of Princeton University will speak at the April meeting of the American Chemical Society at 7:30 tonight in room 106 of the Chemistry Budding on ‘“rhe Theory of Rate Processes.” Dr. Eyring received mining and metallurgical engineering degrees at the University of Arizona and took his doctor’s degree in chemistry at the University of California.. For two years he was an instructor and research associate at the University of Wisconsin, and later spent a year as National Research Fellow in Berlin, and a year as lecturer at the University of California. Following Dr. Eyring’s talk'the annual business meeting of the section will be held, during which any members may submit suggestions as to changes in the procedures of the section. Those unable to attend may send their plans to the secretary for pi'esentation at the meeting. m.k.b. Religious Council To Hold Peace-Strike Tomorrow National Peace-Spikes being held Wednesday on many campus^ over the cQuntiT will be ohservod by the Peace Committee of the Purdue Religious Council by means of a sacrificial meal and semiimr from 1% noon to 1 p. m., Wednesdaqr zt the Universiiy Presbytmdan drardik The topic of the seminar is “TTaiaing for Peace.” The meal, for whhdi 26 wnts is being charged, will he similar to the rations now being served the inhabitants in wardiom countries, and the proceeds will go to a foreign reli^ fund.BifjBW
*
■
jMIMMill
fiaipL 2-£diti.
Wednesday. April 23. 1941
pjuhdujL £xponsinL
Jimsdi^ JoUl
Wiley Addresses Clubs, Attends ASCE Convenfiob
The Colnmil
Looking Ahead
To attempt to resolve into basic components the troubles of a world at war is a Herculean task even for the most brilliant and analytically minded. Many and diverse are th6 theories offered for world ills and yet... they are only theories ... and late ones at that. But one need look no further than the headlines of the daily papers to see the remedies that are being applied. And paradoxically enough, the benefits of science and invention, usually considered the vanguard of civilization, are being used as the tools that would remedy by destruction. Men of science have thrust inventions upon the world of today without thinking that perhaps the world had not yet been conditioned enough to intelligently employ these tools of progress to good ends. The engineer and the scientist are, in no small measure, to blame for this. True, these have been exploited by industrialists who are no less to blame, but is the creator of a Frankenstein any less responsible for his creation than the man who finances the job? This is a strong indictment, and yet. . . can any June graduate, about to devote his time and energy to the growth and development of these monsters of progress overlook his obligations to look out for their control? Unfortunately, we know a great many on this campus who would shun this responsibility, who would “let the economists do it,” nothwithstanding the fact that they already have fallen asleep at the switch twice. Solving the world troubles may not be in the engineer’s line but neither is war... by choice. Bttt if the engineer is going to be called on to repair the cart after it breaks down it might be a good idea if he approached the problem scientifically by building a better cart!
Professor R. B. Wiley, head of the School of Civil Engineering, is attending the meeting of the board of directors of the American Society of Civil Engineers in Baltimore, Maryland, this week. He will also participate in the program sessions of the annual spring meeting of the society. He is scheduled to address the Baltimore - Purdue Club tonight, and, at noon tomorrow, will be guest speaker at the meeting of the Baltimore Kiwanis Club. m.k.b.
Quoting from a recent statement. By the Committee to Defend America By Aiding the Allies. Quote. The large majority of Americans desire to destroy Hitlerism. . . . But the majority is still too good natured, too trusting, and too indolent. Unquote. In addition to not being ready to die yet.
Newman Club
. . . discussion group will hear Major Reardon, former registrar at Notre Dame University, tonight at 7:30 p. m. in room 302 of the Union.
C. F. Harding Jr. 33 Called To Camp Shelby For Duty
TOMORROW - FRIDAY
mm ADVENTURE IN THE WORLDS MOST DRAMATIC
IN TECHNICOLOR!
Starts TOMORROW
iASimis
Hums
TnittiyDORSEY-BertWHEELER f M Nit ankMlra ^
CONSTiUlCE MOORE • PHIL REOAH
•ETTY IREWER*ULLUN CORNEU VIROINM ORLf * RED DONAHUE
•Ml Ms mult **0N0**
-- LAST TIMES TODAY
Tua.WMcajm»iU iiMmmmfs’ \ .^lOAIIMOllDELL nitjjm Mmgg. PAi-av
ARC
LAST TIMES TODAY
WEAVER BROTHERS ond ELVIRY
5£iiK.'A^snEU
PLUS 'GREEN ARCHER" Serial
THURS.-FRI.-SAT.
I CAN'T GIVE YOU ANYTHING BUT LOVE
HI-HO SILVER WINNERS OF THE WEST FIRST RUN NEWS
LUMA
LAST DAY — 2 HITS
CHARLES (Buddy) ROGERS
ALSO
JOHN HUBBARD WENDY BARRIE IN
AIEE Elects G. B. Robbins Chairman For Next Year Members of the local chapter of the American Institute of Electrical Engineers elected officers for next year at their regular meeting yesterday afternoon. Officers are: G. B. Robbins, chairman; R. M. Snyder, vice-chairman in charge of membership; G. C. Dodson, publicity chairman ;'G. W. King, program chairman; R. W. Bond, secretary; Alexander Kusko, treasurer; and S. C. Rhoades, senior representative, r.l.h.
And we may be indolent, and good natured. But as for being too trusting. Why we’re even shining our own shoes these days. For fear the bootblack. . . . Might give us a hot foot. * * * See by the papers where the Indianapolis airport had some 16,000 visitors on Simday. Seems as if there wasn’t any place else to park. We’re different. Of course this is the back woods. Sort of. At any rate^with things like Prom. The most room . . . Is any place else.
W. E. Howland
Down Balkan way the Italians, "aided somewhat by the Nazis are kicking the devil out of the Greeks. And the British are getting set to pull another Dunkirk. Which all goes to show that Hitler is getting a lot closer to his version of Union now than we are. And proves his theory. That dead men are easier to reason with.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered m second class matter at the post office la laifarette, Indiai^ ander the act of Oonffrccs of Maieh 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postase proridad for in section 1108, act of October 8,1917, antfaorised dsmnarr 80.
1022. Published daily except Mondiw during the rcsnlar academic year and we^ekly dMna Unt SnisiBer BeAdoh.
for $8.00 per year, bmU sab^
ription, **'*^'‘
finipllon, $8:r0. Bditor-liuClilef. Busineas Manaccr.
Mews Bdiwy ItanaKina Editor.
PeMfehtion Staff
B. W. Donahne Uerts Hayemsyer
.3. XL McKee
„..D. K. Bhiple Associate Editors: N. A. Ochiltree. J. A. Poreell, L. W.
Rnffney, B. $L Skallemp, J. L. Transott.
Biitlnaak Staff
Ijocal Adrertisins ManaOrers: D. S. lowers, G. C. Iianden; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer: Ascounts Manager, R. 3. Sbadford; Circulation Manager, R. M.
Recfctenwald.
Co-ed Staff >
^^tor. — Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna
Skss.
Sport* Staff Editor. J. p. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phone: Editorial 4005; Business 8471; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by llational Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers RepresenUtives, 420 Madison Are., New Tork, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Clark Day Editor: Losey Issue Editor: Eberts Sports Editor: Clark Staff: E. W. Nordlinger, J. Ramsdale, M. K. BOynton, A. Prantner, J. F. Amos, B. Eberts, R, L. Hadley, E. M. Swarts, Hoskins, D. Buts, S. B. Craigmile, B, R. Rubnlon. R. L. Miller, R. O. Swaim, J. S. Dawson, P. G. Miller.
... professor in the school of Civil Engineering, will address the Indiana section of the American Water Works Association in Indianapolis tomorrow afternoon. His subject will be “A Manual on Paints.”
The papers are hinting at a slight extension of the year in the army now too. But you hSve to be,philosophical about that. After Bll . . . Anybody knows the first two years are the hardest.
lars per. What with all the reductions you end owing them. Sort of like sharecropping. * I* «
C. F. Harding Jr., MSEE 1933, Sales Counsellor of the General Electric Company, Jacksonville, Florida, has been called as First Lieut. Field Artillery ROTC to active duty at Camp Shelby, Hattiesburg, Mississippi.
Classified Ads
And with thb increased income tax in the offing, it’s going to be mighty tough sledding on twenty-one dol-
Or living in Cary Hall. * ♦ *
At ten dollars an ink spot.—dkh
Typewriter* sad adding machlnM, a«w and died, in ssls, rent and repaired. All make* of portable t^ewriten, $29.TS to $69.60. Office luppUes. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebenhoff, SOi Main St. Phone, 2779.
Notices
them Wednesday, April 23, from 9 to 12 a. m. in Professor Cope's office. —COOLEY.
AWS Executive Board: Regular meeting Wednesday, April 28, in AWS office at 7:30 p. m. —McCullough.
For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Can for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 2407.
POMM: Meeting of all actives and pledges at 4 p. m. in room 103 of the Armory, Thursday, April 24. Meeting short but important. —McCAMMON.
northwest quarter, third PFA in southeast quarter and fourth PFA less the second battalion in northeast quarteL Batteries D, E and F, Fourth PFA will form by the trucks north of the Armory. S-4 will form at 4th street entrance to intramural field. —HEBBBLER.
For Sale—1936 Ford Coupe. Good Condition. Call Miller, 458C4.
Lost: Gold Elgin wrist watch. Left in Fieldhouse locker. Phone 3053. Reward.
Freshman and Sophomore Military; Sign up in Supply Room for entrance into Scabbard and Blade Best Soldier Contest to be held in Armory Saturday, April 26. at 1:30
All Students: Tickets for PfA banquet Sunday, April 27, at 6:16 p. m. in the Union, may be purchased for BO cents from any PIA board member. Reamer member or pledge, or at the West desk in the Union. —KNBPPER.
WAA: Baseball Wednesday, April 23, at 4 p. m. North Hall vs Phi Mu. Wood Hall vs South Hall. —COOPE®.
p. m.
-WOODLING.
Lost: Gold sequin evening purse, white beading at Prom. Phone 36814.
LEARN TO
DANCE
ENROLL IN OUR
ADULT BEGINNER'S CLASS WED., APR. 24 7:00 P. M. ADVANCED CLASS APRIL 25th
ALLEN’S6Te & FERRY
All Seniors: Senior commencement invitations and announcements are on sale at Southworth’s, Deac’s and the University Bookstore, and at the west desk of the Union. Sales close on Thursday, April 24. GALA WEEK COMMITTEE.
Independent Staff: Publication Wednesday night. Tickets for the banquet will be given to those working. Assignments due at 7:30 p. m. —GRIFFIN.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Election of pledges Thursday, April 24, at 7 p. m. in room 106 of the Chemistry building. I —ALEXANDER.
Debris Juniors: Important meeting regarding elections Wednesday, April 23, at 4 p. m. in Debris office. ' --BROWN.
Flying Club: Thelfe will be a meeting of the Flying Club Wednesday, April 23, in room 263 of the Union. Elections for the treasurer will be held. —GREVE.
All EE Students: See sheet on main bulletin board in BE Building to sign up for open house projects. (4-23) —HOLCOMB.
Debris Sophomores; Important meeting regarding election Thursday, April 24, at 4 p. m. In Debris office. —BROWN.
Debris Editorial Staff: Very important meeting Wednesday, April 28, in the Debris office. Junior staff will meet promptly at 4. Sophomore staff will meet promptly at 4:80. —JONES.
Eta Kappa Nu: Actives sign list in EE office at once if yon wish to have a plaque. (4-28) —HOLCOMB.
Alpha Phi Omega: Fledges will take their final exam Thursday, April 24, at 5 p. m. in room 261 of the Union. All actives are invited to attend this medtinff. Refreshments will be furnished by the pledges. / —McCAMMON.
Delta Rho Kappa: Business meeting on Thursday, April 24, at 7:30 p. m. in room 303 of the Union. Professor Albjerg will speak. —OSWALT.
Silver Mask Pledges: Important meeting Wfednesday, April 23, at 4 p. m. All pledges expecting to he initiated must be present. -tower.
American Chemical Bociety: Annual business meeting Wednesday, April 23, at 7:80 p. m. in room 106 of chemistry building. —ALLAN.
Pi Tau Sigma Pledges: Important meeting in reading room of ME building at 4 p. m., Wednesday, April 28. —BRENNAN.
ASME: Final returns on members hip cards and emblems are on hand. Please get
Military Students: Formation of the corps days April 22 and 24 will be held in the Armory. First PFA forms in southwest quarter of armory; second PFA in
AWS Orientation Board: Meeting Wednesday, April 23, at 4 p. m. in the AWS office. —SCRAFF.
Aljrta Zeta: Time for initiation banquet n Wedn ' ... — - -
Cosmetics Street Floor
. Wednesday, April 28, changed to 6:80
m. in Room 832-34 of the Union.
—SWAIM.
POUND PACKAOEI
SUTTON’S BUBBLE
BATH
WITH SCOOP
Just think . . . enough for 32 delightful baths, luscious bath with deep coverlet of bubble*. Froth that soften* hard water, silken* your skin and leave* NO RING ttil tub! Apple Blossom, ^rdenia. Honeysuckle or American Pine fragrance.
Glider Club: Open meeting Thursday, April 24, at 7:80 p. m. in Union. There will be motion pictures. —KANE.
Marriage Course: Both Wednesday and Thursday sections will meet at 7:80 p. m. Thursday, April 24, at the Foster Furniture Store, Fifth and Main, in Lafayette. —McCAMMON.
Scabbard and Blade Pledges: Form south of the Armory Friday, April 26, 4 p. m., for retreat. Be in uniform. A picture is to be taken. —NORQUEST.
Roger Williams Club: Annual spring picnic at Vawter’s Big Rock Saturday. April 26. Meet at the church at 1 p. m. Transportation and meal ticket will cost each membier five cents. —ARtMAN.
Roller Skating: Leave Wesley Founda-
tion Pjriday evening, April 26, at 10 p. m.
Jen 80 cents; co-eds 15 cents. ) —SttAPBR.
All Electrical Engineers: Sign up in EE office for inspection trip and AIEE meeting at Illinois University May 10.
NOW SHOWING
TWO FIRST RUN HITS
[fmi '
Swinging
JEAN RdGERS
Bab t'rosbif's Orchistra, (eaturinK “Tbe Bobcats"
ifc aPMt.. \ —extra— March of Time •RITIAN’S R. A. F.pjtMiiiL £)qsB»mtiL
Sd. 1941
ShuuL
jUBummmimmm
'A
Riveter Trackmen Prepare For 32nd Drake Relays With only two more days of practice remaining, the Riveter trackmen are working hard in preparation for the running of the 32nd Ailnual Drake Relays at Des Moines, Iowa, this Friday and Saturday.* The Bbilermakers will enter the Medley Relay on Friday and probably the 2-mile or 4-mile on Saturday. Jake Weber will compete in the shot put and discus, and Rankin and possibly Wente in the quarter-mile hurdles. Captain Holderman and ... M.i. I I. Burt Anthony will comprise one
PEM12 Cooperates In National Defense Fitness Programs In co-operation with the National Defense Program, the Men’s Physical Education department has made possible a physical preparedness course for all draftee eligibles. PEM 12, a two-hour course, has enabled nearly 250 men to engage in strenuous physical exertion in order to mbre easily adapt themselves to camp life should they be called. Members are expected to attend twb tWo-hour periods each week. Glassbs are scheduled at 4:00-6:00 and iB;00-10:00“'On Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday. Mass Calisthenics After two weeks of operation, the program has reached full stride. All available facilities are being utilized to the utmost. Working hard to get in shape, the students have tried numerous ways by which to duplicate camp activity. A favorite is the under-pressure hike, with pack on back, breaking through brush, behind Ross-Ade Stadium or beyond Intramural Field, r.l.m.
half of the relay team and the other two posts will be filled by Alex Jentsch, Jarvis, Stanley or Kemp. Our chances m the Medlay Relay are good as evidenced by the showing at the Butler Relays where the Boilermakers placed second. Coach Phillips plans to take nine men on the trip. Stars Of Nation Over 600 top-notch stars will represent more than 60 colleges and universities at the Relays this weekend. All of the Big Ten schools will participate except Indiana, who will attend the Penn Relays in the East. Southern California and Aberdeen Christian College will represent the West Coast. Nine world record holders will match abilities at this meet. Greg Rice, Notre Dame’s ace, holder of the world record in the twb, two and one-half and three mil6 runs and A1 Blozis, Georgetown shot put expert, and holder of the world’s indoor record will both be present. Bob Wright, Ohio State’s sophomore hurdling sensation; Don Olsen, Northwestern’s record holder of the indoor hurdles and Billy Brown, Louisiana State’s star dash man are also planning to participate in the meet at Des Moines, p.g.m. Approximately five dozen baseball are used in playing a single big league game.
An lrisliniaR*s Illusions By Joseph Patrick Dolan Having just returned from the Wabash-Purdue baseball game, we can now see the results of faith in a baseball team by its coach. Although Purdue didn’t earn as many runs yesterday as the Wabash nine did, the Boilermakers made the visitors look plenty sick around the plate witl(^ the hickory. —I-I— Exactly one month ago to this day, several persons said Purdue’s team wouldn’t hit its weight in a batting average, but Coach Dutch Fehring, although possibly believ‘ing the rash statement, came 'forward with the statement that his club, although lacking experience, would be right up there getting its "hits with the best of ’em. Today that Purdue team is leading the conference in hits and batting average; something of an incident to call Mr. Ripley. —I-I— Fehring put big Wes Waterhouse into the lineup yesterday, and the big first baseman came through beautifully at the plate with two for four, and both were base hits and no bloopers. Wes handled the
Riveters Defeat Wabash 4-3 In Ten Inning Pitchers' Duel
initial sack with the greatest of ease and assurance, also. - _I.I_ If Purdue had had a double play late in the stages of yesterday’s encounter, old busy-body Dies and his mob might have investigated our foreign element. The box score from short to second to first would have read as follows: McAdams to McFerren to McCaifery. And they aie all Scotch at that. Darn it! —I-I— Last Friday afternoon we were the guests of the New York Central railroad system as it inaugurated its beautiful new streamlinei from Chicago to Cincinnati titled the James Whitcomb Riley after the famed .Hoosier journalist and poet. The cars present a balance of unheard of comfort, and the fleetness of travel will enable athlete squads in the future to renovate their present worries oi beihg jolted arovhid as well as having to rush from the campus so early in the week. Archery Range ... is ready at the north end of the Intramural field for the use of those who have their own bows and arrows. This announcement was received from the office of M. L. “Chief” Clevett, head of the Intramural department.
SiinioiA,! Last Call for CAPS aad COWflIS
Make Your Reservations This Week for Sure MASTERS—Caps, Gowns, and Hoods A Few Left at Our Reduced Prices
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE
Golfers On Illinois Links Saturday In Opening Conference Meeting Taking advantage of the favorable weather conditions prevailing, Coach Harry Allspaw continued grooming his golf squad yesterday in preparation for their first Big Ten match of the young season with Illinois at Champaign this Saturday. Little is known about the strength of the Illini squad this year, but Allspaw hopes to have his boys in shape for any kind of coihpetition by match time Saturd?iy. Look Out, Suckers! . The Riveters will undoubtedly be gunning for the Illini, in hopes of Annexing their second victory in three starts. Last Friday the Boilermaker linksmen opened the season with a very impressive victory over a usually tough Detroit squad by a score of 16 to 5. Their glory was short lived, however, for on the following day they were humbled by a smaa*t, hard hitting bTotre Dame squad Id to 8. Regardless of this one-defeat, Allspaw is favorably impressed with the play of the team as a whole and is confident of a successful showing against both Big Ten and non-conference rivals during the remainder of the season. For the match Saturday Hoffer and co-captain Dahl will probably
pair off to form one doubles team, while Curran and Knipp will make up the second. Hoffer Best With 74 - Curran, Knipp, Hoffer and copilots Dahl and McKenzie will be available for the singles matches. All except Knipp are returning lettermen. Against Detroit last week Dahl, Knipp and Curran won their matches, while Hoffer was nosed out on the last hole in his match with Davidson, star of the visiting squad. The combinations of Hoffer and Dahl, Curran and Knipp also emerged victorious. During this match Hoffer carded a 74, which is the lowest score as yet posted by any member of the Riveter squad.
\
“Meet You in the UNION CAFETERIA”
More and more friends through the medium of the Union Cafeteria.
• Friendship • Conversation • Fun All to be had under the pleasant atmosphere of . . .
THE UNION CAFETERIA A place for friends to meet as well as eat, and to gather in gayety. / JhsL fiwuiujL ^Ylflsirntj^mL Urmyl The Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Acthities
John Emmert Fteliev^Blanken On Hill In Sixth; Rele^s No Hits
By Bob Swaim
Rqlief hurling of Johnny Emmert, who replaced Don Blanken in the sixth frame, checked the Wabash attack with five hitless innings yesterday as the Boilermakers strained for a 4-3 teninning triumph on Ross-Ade field. An error on Leifheit^s grounder by the Little Giant shortstop, Borre, opened home plate to George Doherty, who carried in the marginal run from second base in the last half of the tenth. The Boilermaker bats cracked out ten hits, while the Little Giants hit only three times. Slabman Hurt — — — —- "■ —
Starting hurler Don Blanken was forced out of action in the fifth in- ^ nmg when he slid into the keystone sack attempting to steal. He succeeded in taking lawful possession of the bag, but caught his spike on the bag, giving his left ankle a paiuful twist. During his tenure he had allowed but three hits, struck out six, and permitted three batters to walk to first. All of the Wabash runs were scored off him, however.
Third Frame
Fehring’s bunch opened the offensive fireworks of the game in the third inning. With one out, Blanken walked. McFerren kindled the spark into a blaze with a single over second base. Mike Byelene produced a line drive identical to McFerren’s hit, but the Wabash centerfielder, in attempting to smother its bounce, allowed the ball to roll past him McFerren and Blanken both crossed the plate, followed by Byelene, since the ball had bounded into the center field corner Wabash struck bac'k in the fifth with an error, fielder’s choice, and two walks which filled the bases. Third baseman Giay then tagged Blanken’s pitch foi a 350-foot double over Left-fielder Doherty’s head. The blow cleaned the sacks and tied the score at 3-all. A Riveter threat came in the eighth when the bases were filled with two outs^. Two hits and a sacrifice had put the runners on base. However, the attempted rally was halted when Rawles hit a stiff grounder to Borre and was out at
Co-ed Baseball April 23—Phi Mu vs vvKll North, WRH
Wood vs WRH South
April 25—Ward I vs Chi Omega Ward III vs Kappa Kappa Gamina April 28—Alpha Zi Delta vs Phi Mu; Ward II vs WRH Wood April 30—WRH North vs Ward I; WRH
South vs Ward III
May 2—Chi Omega vs Phi Mu; Kapiia Kappa Gamma vs WRH Wood May 6—Alpha iZ Delta vs WRH North; Ward H vs WRH South May 7—Ward I vs Ward IH There is a 60 cent fine if sue playeiB are not present. Flay indoors in case ct
rain.
IM Schedules baseball Wednesday. April 23 Diamond 1. Delta Tau Delta vs Phi Kappa Sigma 2. Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Pi Kappa Psi 3 Alpha Chi Rho vs Phi Kappa 4 Acacia vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon 6. Ward 2 vs Ward 26 6 Ward 3 vs Ward 15 7. Ward 6 vs Ward 27 8. Ward 8 vs Ward 21 9. Ward 10 vs Ward 17 10 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Beta Theta Pi FRATERNITY TENNIS DOUBLES Wednesday, April 23—4 p m Pi Kappa Phi vs Acacia Delta Upsilon vs Beta Sigma Psi Sigma Pi vs Kapiia Delta Rho Alpha Gamma Rho vs Lambda Chi Alpha Phi Gamma Delta vs Alpha Kappa Lambda Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Sigma Phi Ep-
silon
Theta Chi vs Tau Epsilon Phi Phi Delta Theta vs Alpha Chi Rho Sigma Chi vs Phi Sigma Kappa Alpha Sigma Phi vs Phi Kappa Sigma * Delta Chi vs Phi Kappa Tau
first.
With darkness settling over the diamond, the Riveters oiled their run-producing machinery in the last of the tenth. With two outs Doherty hit safely for the second time of the day. He stole second base and raced home when Leifheit; pinch-hitting for Rawles, drilled a grounder through Borre’s hands.
SMART Bipi^ KNJ0W S0ck)> They Fit Smoother... l^ook Better ... Wear Longerl Have you seen 0ie colorivd new Spring arrivals? 3 pairs $1.00 up lOOMAINST. —
CUTHa SHOP INC.-4’" 4
nj i *'' ' 1
& 1“
fia^a, ^ ~ ^smhaL
Wednesday* April 23* 1941
fiju/uliiuL £xfuMiud.
i*,
Dean Jordan Dies (Continued from page 1) Association of Colleges of Pharmacy in 1918 and 1919. He served on many committees and in various official capacities in the U. S. Pharmacopeia. As a result of his outstanding work he was given a doctor of science degree at Ohio Northern University in 1933 and dt Rutgers University last year. He was a member of the American Chemical Society, the American Association for the Advancement of Science, the Indiana Academy of Science, the Indiana Pharmaceutical Society, the American Association of University Professors, and Phi Lambda Upsilon, Rho Chi, Phi Kappa, Sigma Xi and Scabbaid and Blade fraternities. Dean Joidan was a member of St. Mary’s Catholic church and of the Holy Name Society there, the Lafayette Rotai y Club and was one of the organizers of the Indiana Public Health Seivice He was a member of the Newman club on the campus and for many years has served as an instiuctor in the
Fraternity Rngerprints 150 People In Two Days Fingerprints have been taken of approximately 160 persons in the two days that the fingerprinting bureau has been held in the hall of the Union. Alpha Phi Omega, national service fraternity, is administering the fingerprinting. All students, faculty members, and townsfieople who have never been fingerprinted are urged to come and have their fingerprints recorded today anytime fi’om 2 to 8 p. m. A copy of the prints taken will be sent to the FBI and another copy to the Lafayette police (fepartment. These prints may prove valuable in case of accident or necessity of identification, j.r. nurses training school at St. Elizabeth’s hospital. The last two years he has served as president of the faculty of that scliool. The body was returned to Lafayette last night and although plans are not yet complete, funeral services will probably be held here on Friday, j.f a
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
Professional
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A RISK DR. LUTHER A RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK
4th (r Mam Sts • Hardware
Phone 5710
Sperb Hardware
Quality Mdse.822 Main St.
-Right Prices Phone 2777
• Locksmith
Keys and Locks Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty Bicycles, accessories and repairing MULHAUPTS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2B2t
• Dairy Products M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phono 46214
) School Supplies pEAC'S Everything for a College Education Complete Line of , Greeting Cards 1 University Book Store M. C. "Red" Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
• Ice and Cojil SCORED SIZED ICE CUBED LAFAYETTE ICE & COAL CO. Phone 5078
There's something about Coca-Cola,—ice-cold,***that stops thirst in its tracks. Its delightful taste brings you the experience of complete thirst satisfaction. So when you pause throughout the day, moke it the pause that refreshes with ice-cold Coca-Cola. YOU TASTE ITS QUALITY Bottled under authority of The CocaXIola Company by COCA COLA BOTTLING COMPANY fn
Foremen Meet Here Saturday To Discuss Training For Defense Indiana Foremen wilbm6et at the University for the second annual Foremen’s Institute of Indiana on Saturday, May 17. Theme of the convention will be the -foreman’s place in national defense. Sponsored by the University engineering extension department and division of education and applied psychology, the institute last year drew an attendance or more than 1,100 persons. Principal speakers on the program will include M. J. Kane, consultant on industrial training with the Social Security Board, whose subject will be “Training in Industry for National Defense” and Carl Taylor, director of the Northern Bank of Milwaukee, who will discuss “What We Must Do to Defend America.” General chairman of the institute IS Prof. M. F. Stigeis of the department of education and applied psychology, r.e.h. Dr. Bollinger Will Address Wesley Foundation Dinner Dr. Kiel Bollinger of Nashville, Tenn, will speak to the Wesley Foundation banquet tomorrow evening. Plans for the construction of a $90,000 building, given during the work of Bollinger at the University, will be discussed. At the same time, twenty-two members of the class of 1941 will be honored for their work-in the Methodist Church and the Wesley Foundation. Miss Ann Pierce will preside at the banquet, which will be held in the Home Economics Building. Tickets may be purchased for sixty cents from Darrell Roach or from members of his committee, a.m.p.
5 Winners Chosen In Speech Contest Semi-annual Speech 14 contest completed its semi-final round yesterday afternoon, emerging with five winners: Elmer Hagerty, W. H, Lange, Wm. M. Dempster, W. P. Peters, and Ralph Howes. One student was chosen from each of the twenty-seven sections to participate in the semi-finals. Each was required to give a six minute speech on some business project. The five winners will appear in the Speech 14 Convo to give tl^eir speeches before a faculty committee and students of the Speech 14 classes, Thursday, April 24, at 7:16 p. m. in Fowler Hall. Members of the audience will rate the speakers at this time, and the winner will be announced a few days later in the Exponent, w.g.h. Dr. Lambert To Speak At Alpha Zeta Banquet Alpha Zeta, honorary agricultural fraternity, will hold its annual banquet in room 332 of the Union at 6:30 tonight, instead of at 6:30 as previously announced. Dr. W. V. Lambert, Associate Director of the Agricultural Experiment Station, will be the principal speaker. J. A. Stewart, president, will serve as toastmaster. The new initiates will be introduced and the Alpha Zeta scholastic plaque will be awarded the freshman agriculture student who had the highest index for the fiist semester of 1940-41. In charge of arrangements for the banquet are Eugene Snyder, Robert Swaim, and Phil Johnson. Musk Room . . . Variety Hour will be included in the Gala Week Program from 4-5 Saturday, May 3, for all those who do not care to attend the football game.
'A’-'
Tastes good...costs
and swell fun to chew-
doublemint gum
that’s
gum is always you'ie events, ieal-mi»t
studying. DOUBLEMINT S
flavor And enjoying sweeten 7°" ^elps biigWeir a,aooth d^y “ ^ budget, yonr leetir, too. Kmd to yo^^ ^ Great to emoy „£ doUBI£-
and buy several package
mint GUNI today-
'--K
ANNOUNCING THE NEW
Brilliant! Colorful! Luxurious! A masterpiece of modern-streamline design, the James Whitcomb Riley oSets the finest in daytime travel comfort. New York Central has scheduled this sleek new day-liner to your maximum business convenience, like its popular poet namesake, the "Riley” is destined to become a favorite of the MidWest. Every de luxe travel luxury for a mile or less,.; stainless steel reclining seat coaches...exquisite diner.,, scenic observation widi smart cafe and radio.
ROUND TRIP SCHEDULE
NirOitmui (Daily Except Sunday)
8:00 A. M. Lv Cinftinnati (E. S. T.) . 8.JO A M. Ar. Indianapolis (C. S. T.) 9.59 A. M. Lv. Lafayette .... 11:20 A M. Ar. Kankakee .... 12 30 P. M. Ar. Chicago ....
Contienient connection, with 'Western Trams Fluorescent lights—Air-conditioned throughout—Redlining seats reserved—Paster, more convenient schedule—Spacious smoking and powder rooms—Low cost meals.
SeoMeumt
Ar.
11:00 P.M-
Ar.
7:00 P. M.
Lv.
6:J2 P.M.
Ar.
J:3J P.M.
Lv
4:30 P.M.
NEW YORK CENTRAL
SYSTEM
A 'f