Purdue ^Exponent Z-185 , fAi
Volume 51, No. 87
Wednesday, Tonaary 10, 1040
Agricultural Many Celebrities
Conference Swings Into Third Day
Attend Meetings
Despite Bad Weather Conditions S6ni0rS vEIiQIuIg
“Weather conditions have slightly hampered the attendance records thus far,” was the report of Prof. G. M. Frier, in charge of registration, late yesterday. Unofficial calculations indicated that approximately 2,200 farmers, county agents, home demonstration agents and visitors had registered by last night, but fair weather is expected to greatly increase the attendance. Many Celebrities Present
The thirty-seventh Annual Agricultural Conference is drawing many celebrities from all over the Unitefi States. A few included in this list are Dr. Thurman B. Rice, Chief, Bureau of Health and Physical Education, Indiana Board of Health; Dr. C. J. Willard, Ohio State University; Palmey Edgerton, Jonesboro, president of the Indiana Farm Management Association; Dr, P. P. Cullinan, United States Department of Agriculture; T. D, Gray, Extension Landscape Architect; Berley Winton, U. S. D. A.; Hon. H. L. Taber, Master of the National Grange; Dr. F, L. Thomsen; Bureau of Agricultural Economics, U. S. D. A.; C. R. Gutermuth. Director Educational Bureau, Indiana Department of Conservation; Dr. Robert Graham, University of Illinois; C. R. Jackson, Acting Commissioner, U. S. Bureau of Fisheries; A. J. Ullstrup, U. S. D. A.; Dr. R. C. Klussendorf, Wisconsin Department of Agriculture; J, B. Kohlmeyer, Bureau of Agricultural Economics, U. S. D. A.; Dr. Hans Platenius, Cornell University; H. J. Brant, secretary, Belgian Draft Horse Association of America; E. H, Parfitt, Chicago; L. P. Steiner, U. S. Bureau of Entomology, and Dr. R. W. Bartlett, University of niinois; Mrs. V. H. Ober, president of the National Federation of Music Clubs. Today marks the third day of the current conference and beginning at 8 o’clock this morning numerous meetings will be held over the campus. At 9 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall, R, L. Heilman, Hope, president of the Indiana Com Growers’ Association, will open their annual meeting. Prof. S. R. Miles, of the Agronomy department, will discuss the "Affects of Hybrids, Date and Time of Planting on Com Wields.” “We Like Hoosier Seal” The Indiana State Vegetable Growers’ Association under the di-
rection of their president, Robert Bollinger, Indianapolis, will conduct their annual meeting in the Horticultural building beginning at 9:30. “Why We Like the Hoosier Seal,” will be the subject of Rev. A. E. Fischer, St. Anthony, who will address the group. Indiana Beef Breeders’ Association will segregate into various breed groups and meet in the Union. Edward Brown, Plainfield, president of the Indiana Sheep Breeders Association, will formally open the meeting of that organiza(Continued on page 4) Judges Announce First Winners Of Corn, Grain Show Indiana’s Corn and Small Grain Show, the largest ever, was in full swing yesterday as the judges busily worked over the 448 entries in the men’s show and the 176 entries in the 4-H show. It was the unanimous opinion of the corn judges. Prof. A. T. Wiancko, Purdue; William Carr Lentz, Jeffersonville; Floyd Hiner, Lewisville; Herman Miller, Bluffton; and Peter J. Lux, Shelbyville, that this year’s corn is exceptionally sound and of very good quality. The judging had not been completed last evening, but is expected to be finished by
noon today. Shelled Corn
Late yesterday afternoon the judges announced Newton Halterman of Rushville to be the winner of the Shelled Corn Sweepstakes, and T. C. Davis of Green Fork the Reserve Sweepstakes winner. In the open pollinated shelled claims the winners were Roy E. Shoeberger, Rockfield; 2nd, Samuel Webster, Rushville; and 3rd, George (Continued on page 4)
Dr. F. L Thomsen Predicts Good Future For Farmers Speaking before an audience of approximately 125 members of the Indiana Farm Management Association at a banquet last night in the Union, Dr. F. L. Thomsen, member of the U. S. Bureau of agricultural economics, presented his observations on the farmers’ economic relations in the wprld today.
Demands Better
He stated that, “Although export demand for farm products during the coming year may not be much affected by the present European war, domestic demand should be better than it otheirwise would have been because of the stimulus to various industries from war orders received and its effect upon the incomes of domestic consumers and their demand for farm products.”
Conditions Change
Thomsen pointed out that world economics conditions as well as methods by which wars are prosecuted have changed in many important respects since 1914. He declared that the loss of the German market will be much less important, and that the needs of Great Britain and France for farm products, in view of large stocks of some commodities and increased production, are much different. Among the factors he cited as legislating against a war boom were the development of South America and Canada as important exporters of several major commodities, large world wheat) supplies in 1939, and increase in the tonnage
of shipping available to the bellig-
erents.
War Stimulating In continuing his discussion of “The Farmer and the War,” Thomsen said, “Increase in speculative demand for some farm products, based on expectations of future increases in actual export demand, have given strong support to prices of some commodities. Thus, the net effect of the war on the total demand for farm products, and therefore upon prices and incomes received by farmers, will be stimulating, although probably not nearly so much so as that of the World
War.”
Preceding the main address of the evening Bob Stanley, Ag ’43, sang four numbers. Certificates were awarded by Prof. 0. G. Lloyd to 66 state farmers for keeping acceptable farm records for the last ten years. Officers of the association for the coming year were introduced. They are: Cecil Madill, Muncie, president; Floyd Elliott, Oxford, vicepresident; and Ronald Bauman of the University, secretary-treasurer.
Home Ec Luncheon Will Honor Music Federation Officer Mrs. Vincent Hilles Ober, Norfolk, Va., President of the National Federation of Music Clubs will be among the guests of honor at the County Home Economics Chorus Luncheon which will be held in the Education Building of the Central Presbyterian church this noon.
Approved Marriage
Mrs. V. H. Ober The county Home Economics choruses will take part in a mass rural music festival which will be held at the Jeff gymnasium tonight at 7:30 o’clock. This entertainment will be presented for the directors, presidents and representatives of the County Home Economics Choruses as part of the annual agricultural conference which IS now in session at Purdue. Mrs. Ober is coming to Pqrdue to be present for the activities in connection with the rural music project in Indiana. A chorus of approximately 1200 women’s voices representing 80 counties in the state under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, Purdue Choral department, is on the program for tonight. Mrs. C. Lloyd Billman, of Manilla, State President of the Indiana Federated Music Clubs, will be another guest at the luncheon. Conference Guests Hear Concert Band In Varied Program
/
One of the major eVents on the Agricultural Conference program was presented last night by the Purdue Symphonic Band under the directorship of Professor P. S. Emrick. Aprroxima1;ely 1600 conference guests attended the concert given at 7:30 in the Memorial Gymnasium. V. C. Freeman, Associate Dean of the University, introduced the band with the words, “Our very pleasure in having the Purdue Symphonic band with us every year indicates how fine we think it is. The beautiful music played by them will give us a thrill throughout the years.” * The program presented by the band consisted of “Largo” by Handel, “Atlantic Suite” by Safranek, “Simple Confession” by Thome, “Rosary” by Nevin, “Always Faithful March” by Sousa, “Die Flederfaus” by Strauss, and “Star Spangled Banner” by Sousa. Lauditory comments heard throughout the audience gave proof to the splendid performance made by the band, which is recogpized as being professional in its rendition of symphonic numbers, t*
Senate Prexy Herb Fishburn Receives Honorary Gdd Key At the regular meeting of the Student Senate last night Louise Daniels, secretary of the organization, presented to Herb Pishbum, president of the senate, a golden, diamond-studded key for his outstanding work in handling the problem of putting the new senate organization into effect. The key is a duplicate of the regular keys given to the members except that it is made of gold rather than silver and has a diamond placed in the center. Herb replied to the gesture of appreciation, “I haven’t done very much myself, but everything that has been done has been done through the cooperation of all of , We have made great strides.” A report on the national convention of the ]S[ational Student Federation of America held at the University of Minnesota December 2731 was given at the meeting. This convention was attended by 176 delegates representing more than 76 schools from the east to the west coast. Pishbum attended the gathering both as a repjreseptative of the University and as a delegate at large. Ralph Riley also attended the convention in his capacity as regional chairman of the Indiana, Illinois, Ohio, Michigan district. Riley, with three other delegates, appeared on the University of Minnesota’s radio station in a fifteen minute interview. Senate members also heard a report on the Vocational conference held at Northwestern University last December. The Purdue delegation consisted of Jack Wise representing the Student Senate and Althea Jorgenson representing the Activities Bureau. At this conference business men from the Chicago district explained to the delegates what industry expected of the college graduate. One of the points most highly stressed was the fact that employers invariably favored those men who had during their collegiate career engaged in some campus activ-
ity.
AIEE Will Sponsor Lecture Tomorrow “Electrical Surges and Their Effects on Transformers” will be the subject of a lecture to be presented by Mr. H. M. Weichsel, Consulting Engineer of the Wagner Electric Company, tomorrow night at 7:30 in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering building. The lecture is open to all interested students and faculty members and is sponsored by the AIEE of which Mr. Weichsel is a member. Mr. Weichsel, a graduate of the University of Darmstadt, Germany, is the author of many outstanding technical articles dealing with all phases of Electrical Engineering. He will bring to the campus over a thousand pounds of equipment to demonstrate points of his lecture. Pi Kappa Phi , . . I social fraternity announced the electioij of the following officers for the second semester: H. W. Nevin, Archon; H. R. Hall, treasurer; R. F. De Hoog, secretary; R. L. Vogt, historian; R. P. Munro, Chaplain; T. F. Miller, warden; and F. F. Beretta, bookkeeper.
Course Approved By Executive Committee; Select Forty Seniors From Appiications
(Bee Editorial on Page 2)
Introduction of a marriage course in next semester’s curricula was passed last Monday night by the Executive Ck)mmittee. The course was planned by a student faculty committee headed by Ruth Hall, and will award 2 hours credit. Classes will be held on Thursday evenings at a central location from 7 to 9 " '■■■ ■■ o’clock.
One Class of 40 Seniors
Only one class will be taught this semester as the course is in an experimental stage. Forty seniors are eligible to take the course^ twenty eds and twenty co-eds. Any senior may obtain an application blank for permission to take the course after tomorrow noon and in any of the following offices: Dean Enders, Dean Fisher, D^n Matthews, Dean Stratton, Professor Eastwood, Professor Hall, Professor Walters, and Professor Young. Applications must be returned by
the middle of next week.
The forty students will be selected from applidations; previous grades will not be considered. 'The course may not be used as an elective in any of the engineering schools, but the two hours credit
will count toward graduation.
Democratic Classes
Classes will be conducted as a seminar, and will be democratic and informal. A tentative suggestion of procedure is to divide the class intq three periods; the first devoted to lecture, the isecond te four group discussions with ten students in each, and the third to summary and answering of questions raised by the different groups. Eight professors and doctois are on the tentative list of instructors: Dean Mary Matthews, Prof. F. R. Eastwood, Prof. O. F. Hall, Dr. Bertha Rose, Prof. Marian Russell, #rof. J. A. Estey, Prof. E. L. Kelley, Prof. W. A. Hiestand, and visiting speakers for the Marital lectures. The Marital lectures for all seniors will be continued as in the
past.
Annual Blanket Hop To Feature Music Of Michael Hauer Music by Michael Hauer will set the pace for the annual “P” Men’s Blanket Hop to be given in the Union Ballroom Satimday night. Informality will be the kesmote of the affair with sweaters being the approved style for both eds and coeds. Coipmittee wishes the dancers to represent a cross-section of a crowd kt a Purdue Big Ten basket-
ball game.
To Select King, Queen
Highlight of the affair will be the crowning of the king and queen of the Hop at the intermission by Dave Rankin, captain-elect of the football team. This leading couple will be chosen by the dancers by ballot from a list of candidates as they
enter the ballroom.
Proceeds from the dance will be used by the letter-earners to pay for the gold and black “P” blankets which each graduating athletic senior will receive. The remainder of the funds received will go toward the upkeep of the “P” Men’s room.* Hauer and his orchestra have recently finished an engagement at the Biltmore Hotel in Dayton, Ohio. He played, here two years ago for the Homecoming mixer and is on the list of CBS’s sustaining orchestras. Featured vocalist with the, band is Jeanie Bennett. Tickets priced at one dollar are on sale at Deac’s, Southworth’s, and west desk of the Union, or they may be obtained from any “P” man. President Elliott Journeys To Indianapolis Tonight To Receive Craig Portrait President E. C. Elliott ydH go to Indianapolis this evening to receive a portrait of Dr. R. A. Craig, late head of the Veterinary department, which will be presented by the Indiana Veterinary Medical Associa-
tion.
The painting, which was in the process of being painted at the time of Dr. Craig’s death, will be brought to Lafayette and put on display at the Agricultural Alumni luncheon tomorrow noon. Dr. -J. L. Axjiy, State veterinarian and intimate friend of Dr. Craig, will present the painting at the Indianapolis meeting and will be here to speak briefly at the Alumni banquet. L. E. Hoffman, associate county agent leader, and L. M. Busche, assistant county agept l©a4er, will accompany President Elliott to Indianapolis. iack E. Margdis . . . Ch.E. ’40, died Sunday at the Good Samaritan hospital in Dayton, Ohio, after an illness of three weeks. Funeral services were held Monday afternoon.
Debris To Award Salesmen Sample Copy Of New Cover Debris salesmen will have a sample cover of the 1940 Debris for display after tonight’s business staff meeting. The new cover is black with the bottom two-thirds given over to a relief aerial picture of the can^tms in clear detail. Purdue is printed in gold letters about two-thirds of the way from the bottom of the page. A large block P is recessed in the middle of the middle of the top third of the page. Contract Let The contract for printing has been let by the Debris business staff to the Benton Review Company, Fowler, Ind. The contract was let for $7,000 which is $2,000 more than has ever been payed for the printing of any Debris. 100 More Pages Partial cause for the increased cost of printing is that there will be 100 pages more in this year’s book than in last year’s book which was the largest book every published by a Debris staff. A total of ever 560 pages will be included. The extra 100 pages will be devoted mainly to a larger snapshot section. The current snapshot contest is being sponsored to increase student contributions to this section. The present monthly contest will closei, on Tuesday, January 31, at 6 p. nutn *
j f'f •
THE PURDUE to ONENT
Wednesday, January 10, 1940
But
So far this column has made no mention of the fact that 1940 has been designated by the powers-that-be as a “leap” or “Sadie Hawkins” year. We suppose we should say something funny about it, but we don’t feel like it. All we can say is that which has been on the tip of our tongues since January 1. We say, a bit hesitantly, “Well, girls?” * * * In case the reference to more than one tongue in the above paragraph bothers you, just blame it on our double talk. ♦ # Ever since the basketball game Monday we have been wondering about this thing called love. ^ We followed a couple while leaving the Pieldhouse. For the first block of the walk home, they held hands— we thought they gave each other a few fond glances, too. Then they turned right on Stadium, and for the next block they just walked, side by side. Their hands were not clasped, just brushing. ' Then at the end of this block it happened. She suddenly darted across the street (in the face of traffic) and walked briskly up Waldron. Her boy-friend (we call him this for the sake of identification only) continued walking down Stadium Without a pause. He had his head down and his hands in his pockets. '.*'*■* . ‘ We’re worried. We’d feel much better if they hadn’t Tield hands for that first block. But they did! * * There was a poll in yesterday’s Exponent.' It said, in part, that the favorite party drink of a fraternity was not Coke, 1-42. The same poll also said that the favorite Sweet Shop drink WAS Coke, 32-11. From these statistics are we\ to gather that going to the Sweet Shop is NO PARTY? H: * * We are interested to note that we agree with the poll about women’s long , red fingernails. Included in the poll was the fact that 32 men want paddling kept on the same level. Yeah, experience has shown that that’s the best place for it, fellows. Enough of that. Did you hear “Information Please” a week or two ago when Fadiman started out a question by saying, “Now suppose a fire department re-
Marriage Course . » . plans have finally materialized, and the course will go into effect next semester. Outline of the marriage course, which carries two hours of credit, was passed Monday night by the Executive Committee. Due to the experimental nature of the course, enrollment will be limited, to forty selected senior students, twenty men and twenty women. Application blanks must be filled out, and candidates will be interviewed by the student committee. Value of such a course is an accepted fact. During its investigations, the student committee found that Purdue was in the minority group which did not have a marriage course, On February 8 last year the Exponent explained the work of the committee and called for a marriage course in a half-page editorial. For a year the student committee has worked on the course, planning, discussing, and drawing up a definite course schedule. The Exponent printed more editorials. Finally the committee completed its work, and presented its proposals to the Executive Committee. Congratulations on instigation of the course are in order for Ruth Hall and her committee, Further successes will be determined by how the student body accepts the course, and what is actually offered. While only 40 students will be enrolled next semester, we hope that next year, after the course has passed the experimental stage, it will be open to a much greater number. We predict that the Committee will receive a good many more than 40 applications. We hope their selections will be made with care, and that at next semester’s end will find 40 people enthusiastic about Purdue’s new marriage course.
"'ceived a call to put out a false alarm . ..?” We don’t think they get that kind of calls. The fellow that told us about that heard it. over quite a radio. He claims its tone is such that everyone who listens to it expects to hear it clear its throat any minute. The next day we caught him pouring Listerine down its loudspeaker.
Purdue Exponent R. B. Insley .....Editor-In-Chief W. E. Smith Business Manager D. G. Terrio Editorial Director G. W. Frederick...^ Managing Editor E. M. Antonini....Senior Advertising Manager G. Schilling.. Co-ed Editor E. Jenkins Sports Editor Phones: Editorial, 4005; Business. 6038 ; Sports, 2792 Published daily except Monday during the academic year. Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rafe of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922, National Advertising Representatives : National Advertising Service, Inc., 420 Madison Avenue, New York, N. Y. Member Associated Collegiate Press, , All unsigned editorials are written by the Editorial Director. rbpresented for national .advertisino by National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y, CHICAGO - Boston - Los Awosirs - Sam Francisco Delivered by carrier, $3 per academic year: by mail, $3.60. Business office located at 312 N. Fifth Street; editorial office. Union Building; sports office. Field House. This newspaper is Written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint Night Editor De Hoog Issue Editor Sears
ddm, amL diah, By Georgaiui Schilling Although we yearn to be lolling in the Southern sands instead of sitting slumped over this desk, we’ve decided to stick to horn rimmed glasses instead of a bright jersey ballerina play suit in view of the approaching fioom. Yet, when this semester is over and done there are big things being planned for the campus socialites. Here’s one ... —H&H— Tiny Hill and his band have been signed to play for the Phi Kappa Phi-Kappa Tau-Kappa Delta Rho formal dance on Friday night, Feruary 2. Another big attraction of the evening is that the dance will be given in the new Union ballroom. Sounds like the Miami Triad will have to turn on the glamour to beat this affair. —h&h— On this same night the Sigma Chis, Phi Delts, and Betas will gather in the old section of the Union ballroom for the annual Miami Triad. This dance is also a formal given every year by these three fraternities which were founded at Miami University at Oxford, Ohio. No band has been announced for the dance as yet. —H&H— At U. of Missouri a new club has ^een formed to replace the ever-
popular “Thank God It’s Fx’iday” organization, a joe group with branch clubs at many colleges throughout the Middle West. The new club is called “Oh Hell, It’s Monday.” Need we describe the at^ titude of the club members ? —H&H— Quite a place this new Sweet Shop, isn’t it ? Or do you frequent such dens of iniquity. Campus joes and students alike seem very enthusiastic over the new equipment and space available. The question ask now is “Will there be .stools around the counter.” Maybe the joe boys and girls get top tired to stand about this time of year. And the waitresses are all decked out in very attractive new uniforms of light and dark blue. We like them. ' —H&H— Bill Martin and his band will furnish the rhythms for the Kappa Winter Formal Saturday night at the chapter house. Bids are being given for the dance which is the last formal of the semester. On the same night P-Men, their dates and friends will dance in the ballroom at the annual Blanket Hop. Tickets, priced at one dollar, are now on sale for this dance. It is rumored that thp Library will also be quite popular this week-end. Make your reservations early. Cosmetic Expert To Talk Tomorrow Mrs. Ruth Ezra Gingrich, former cosmetics expert for Loeb & Heine Co., will give a make-up demonstration at the YWCA Mass Meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Lounge of the Union building. Her topic for discussion will be “Let Make Up Make You Over.” Mrs. Gingrich will demonstrate the correct application of cosmetics on three different girls chosen from the audience. Catherine Cooley, President of YWCA, is in charge of the meeting. All co-eds are invited to attend this interesting discussion. Beta Sigma Psi . . . social fraternity announces the election of the following officers: R. H. Berstedt, president; G. S. Bradac and R. B. Janota, vicepresident; J. J. Vana, treasurer; H. R. Resner, secretary; T. J. Stephens, rush chairman; and C. F.. Begurline, social chairman.
L J, Taber, Grange Master, Discusses Economic Problem “Not a narrow attack nor a oncj step program, but only a program as broad as America, will ever solve our economic difficulties,” declared L. J. Taber, master of the National Grange, in an address yesterday afternoon in Fowler Hall before attendants of the Agricultural conference. . Speaking before a general session on “Markets for America,” Taber outlined major U. S. markets. He discussed the domestic market, new markets being developed by research, and foreign markets. Of the latter, he contended, “We must have our just share.” Sharply criticized by the speaker were the administration’s reciprocal trade agreements which he maintained contained “most favored nation clauses.” In addition he pointed out that they had not been ratified by the U. S. Senate. In one of his. statements he declared, “If the
LOEB&HCNECaM)lAKY
For Filahdering ... . . . around when he should have been true to one girl caused Bob Tibbets, Kappa Delta Rho, to get paid off to the extent of one fraternity pin. It seems that Jean Canning wants her men all to herself. —B & B— Dear BB Ed . . . Whoever heard of Bob Muller? If you would notice on page 89 of the ’38-’39 directory (which should be in your private morgue) you will notice a conspicuous absence of said name. ... The correct fellow is an old buddie of mine ... one GREGG MUELLER, a local gent, from good old West Side. About this time Fleming is pretty peeved... or should be. 'Thanks, Twerp. P. S. If you are interested in the pin, I might tell you that it is one of our good old FIJI pins. Two more of them went out, but you have to guess who. —B & B— Dear Twerp: The B&B doesn’t play guessing games and WE would rather not try to find out who has their pins out if it makes you lay awake nights worrying for fear we won’t spell the name right . . . we do wish you success in your amorous adventures tho; you will need it. The Eds. —B & B— Registration Blunders ... J, . . have started already. Won’t
farmers of Indiana are asked to reduce their corn acreage 12 per cent, then no nation should be permitted to supply us with one bushel for our market!” The major problems facing Americans today, according to ' the Grange master, are: “To help keep America out of war; to help lift farm prices and cure unemployment; and to help the forces pf education to further democracy.” Camera Club Plans Swap Session Meet Initiating a, new feature, the Camera Club will hold a “swapsession” meeting at 7:30 o’clock tomorrow in room F of the Memorial Union Building. Any student, whether a member of the club or not, who has some piece of photographic equipment to exchange or sell is invited to attend the meeting. This feature has been proved popular at photographic meetings throughout the country as a means of obtaining or disposing of equipment.
LEARN TO DANCE BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW Adult Ballroom Class Wed., Jan. 10th, 6:45 p. m. NEW ADVANCED CLASS Thurs., Jan. 11 th, 7:00 p. m. CHILDREN'S CLASSES SAT. PHONE 2150 ALLEIV^S 6tli and Feny
ARC
—• Last Times Today
WINNER TAKCAU< rONV MARTIN • GLORIA STUART HENRY ARMETTA
— AND — 'DESPERATE TRAILS' — WITH — JOHNNY MACK BROWN — ALSO — "RED BARRY" SERIAL
— THURS. - FRI, - SAT. - PALS OF THE SADDLE MARINES ARE HERE ZORRO'S FIGHTING LEGION
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
'My rich uncle died and left me a fortune in inheritance toxesl'
Mr. Hockema be surprised when he finds that his name has been used in vain .. . using the advice of some eds, Mary Mangold of the “Cornhusking” Mangolds, wrote down Mr. Hockema as her advising doctor on her “railroad ticket.” Mary is also a JUNIOR LEAGUER . . . some girl! —B & B— With the Union issuing maps of the building so folks can find their way about, we are expecting Frank Fox to have guides in the Sweet Shop' to point out the interesting B.M.O.C.’s . . . our selection is Bill Hosier for guide. This isn’t funny as the Union heeded our advice as to the “Road Maps.” —B & B— Watching Peg Sharkey limping around the campus gave us an idea for a good business ... we will pass it on to you for promotion. How about starting an insurance for students (?) that indulge in sledding, skiing, and other pastimes that endanger life or limb. Of course you could expand it to cover “pitching casulties,” flat tires (for dates), and numerous other unimportant ditties. —B & B— Then there’s the story of the two couples that were locked in the
room next to the Chestnut room the other night. Somebody (the cad) told the'^ janitor that they were in the room and the janitor locked them in and didn’t let them out for a half hour. We could only get one name for you ... Joe Beale. There’s nothing like making full use of the facilities the Union can offer. -^B & B— We will leave you now with Johnny “Breezes” Werst and “Pudgy” Thomson in the Kappa house. —-B & B— SONG OF THE DAY:'“I’ve Got My Love to Keep Me Warm.” —B&B— John Trcka, newly married member of the Bastille, independent house on 'Vine Street, gave out cigars to a number of Bastille boys who had heckled him for a week. They wished they hadn’t now, because it turned out that Trcka wasn’t the only one who gave out. Four of the boys who smoked the cigars became ill.
LUHA — Last' Times Today — JANE WITHERS RITZ BROS, IN — 'Pack Up Your Troubles' — AND — DEAD END KIDS — IN — "CALL A MESSENGER"
- THURS. - FRI. - SAT. - CHARLES STARRETT 1-IN — 'TWO FISTED RANGER' — ANDPRESTON FOSTER ANN DVORAK — IN — "CAFE HOSTESS" /
MAM — THURSDAY-FRIDAY —
O. Henry’s goY
CESAK Wanofie . Robert Bonn George ® y . Horry Green Virg'W®''® | •— Last Times Today
JOAN BENNETT — IN — 'THE HOUSEKEEPER'S DAUGHTER'
liAid
NOW SHOWING A sensational new note{ in screen entertainment!!
MAY ROBSON ' LUCILLE BALL 'DENNIS O’KEEFE • EDWARD EVERETT HORTON • ROSCQE IKARNS * MORONI OLSEN and IKAY KVSER’S BAND. fBaturlng eiNNV SIMMS • HARRY BABBITT • SULLY MASON ISH KABIBBLE and “Tha Ceilaga of Mualeal Knowladga"
ummsTu — THURS. - FRI. - SAT. — NEVER BEFORE SUCH TERRIFYING DRAMA!
THE LANE SISTERS — IN — "FOUR WIVES"Wednesday. January 10. 1940
£xfwfULnL fi/cxqsL
Swimmers To Face Huntington YMCA Squad This Evening Boilermaker swimmers wound up practice last night in preparation for its encounter with the Himting>ton YMCA tonight at 7:30. The team will be composed of: Kratzer, Herr, Bramer, in the 60 and 100 yard free style; Anderson, Eusko, and McCready, in the 160 yard backstroke; Tingely, Frank, and Moller in the 200 yard breaststroke; Siler, Kratzer, Herr, Branner, and Anderson in the 400 yard free relay; Anderson, Tingely, and Branner or Herr, in the 300 yard medley; and Graham and Siler in the 200 and 440 yards free style. Briggs will handle the diving assignments. The Eiveters’ chief threats are Pilkinson, the Y’s leading swimmer, who competes in the breaststrokes, backstroke, and crawl events, and Hiple, high board specialist. The team will leave by automobile at 3:16 p. m. and plan to return tonight. WAA To Show Technicolor Movies Today Af 3 O'clock Movies in technicolor, “Winter Sports at Sun Valley,” will be shown in room 101 of the Michael Golden Shops today at. 3 and 4 o’clock by the Physical Education Department for Women. Sports and \games at the beautiful winter playgrounds and the activities one may take part in during a vacation at Sun Valley will be described. All students, are invited to attend the movie. Physical education students are required to see the movies as part of the regular class program.
Riveter Net Forces Rest tn First Place; Encounter Wisconsin Here Saturday \ With two nights of Big Ten hardwood activities safely tucked away in the archives of basketball history, the Boilermaker net forces are resting in the number one spot of the conference scramble. As a result of their two smashing victories over Northwestern’s Wildcats and the Buckeyes of Ohio 3tate, Coach Lanibert’s lads are not only undefeated, but lead the Big Ten in the matter of dropping the leather through the draperies. Speed has been the main kesmote of the Boilermaker success so far this season. Their ability to keep opponents off balance by running circles around them has done much to make the scorekeepers blue in the face marking down tallies for the high stepping Purdue machine. As far as defensive strength is concerned the Riveters lag behind only Chicago, a team that seems to confine itself chiefiy with stopping their opposition’s
attack. .
Fastest in Conference , Against the Wildcats in Evanston i—— n i.|
last Saturday night, the Boilermakers put on a grand exhibition of ’cat taming. The purple, who were picked by many of the pre-season dopesters to finish among the first three, were completely outclassed except for a few minutes in the second half. In fact the Purdue offense moved so fast that even the Chicago Tribune, journalistic fosterparent of the Wildcats, had to admit that the Riveters were probably the fastest team in the conference. Undaunted hy the towering vertical magnitude of the Ohio State squad, the local lads Monday night again proved that speed can easily overcome height. With the Buckeyes committing 23 personal fouls in a desperate effort to stop the Boilermaker’s speedy attack. Piggy’s boys had an easy time and trotted off with a 49-43 triumph.
Face Wisconsin
Next Saturday night, Wisconsin invades the local hardwood in a game that should prove to be quite a battle. The lads from the shores of Lake Mendota have split their conference endeavors so far with a victory over Chicago, and a loss to Michigan. In the last encounter
Bob Schwartz
I l-M Schedules I
BASKETBALL
Today
Court 1—^Aronson.
7:00—^Ward 29 vs.' Ward 38. 7:16—Ward 28 vs. Ward 6. 8:00—^Ward 14 vs. Ward 8. 8:15—Ward 33 vs. Ward 22.
Court 2—Smithson.
7:00—Ward 27 vs. Ward 13. 7:15—Ward 12 vs. Ward 2. 8:00—Ward 5 vs. Ward 31. 8:16—Ward 1 vs.'Ward 37.
Court 3—Doherty.
7:00—^Ward 32 vs. Ward 26. 7:15—Ward 11 vs. Ward 3. 8:00-Ward 35 vs. Ward 4. 8:15—Ward 36 vs. Ward 30.
Court 4—Rechenbach.
7:00—Cary Hall 1 vs. Cary Hall 11.
7:15—Ward 7 vs. Ward 10.
8:00—Sigma Pi vs. Sigma Nu.
8:15—Ward 25 vs. Ward 24.
before finals set in, the Boilermakers will play host to the Golden Gophers of Minnesota here in the Fieldhouse Monday night. The Gophers have also split their two
Big Ten battles so far.
BE THRIFTY! SAVE THOSE WORN SHOES! American has a master craftman who can make them wear you for a long time yet— at such a little cost. Call us for pick-up.
Phone 3085
IT'S NO SECRET
that a classified ad in the Exponent will bring you good results If you want to huy—sell—swap—rent or find something use the classified column in
the Purdue Exponent
Business Phone 5038
It^s Smart
To Wear ^‘Archers’’
pr.
2 prs. $2.25
. . . Smart because ARCHER’S set the stocking styles for the land’s loveliest legs . . . Smart because ARCHER’S durability is as outstanding as is their sheer beauty! ARCHER HOSIERY For Lovely Women IHIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622-626 Main St.
Three Big Ten Teams Remain Undefeateil; Boilermakers Top Big Ten Scoring Race
and 26 cents for the general public, which will be used to buy Equipment for Riveter entries in the Golden Gloves tournament.
. . . Badger forward who piled up 12 points against Michigan last Monday evening. Bob will be in the Wisconsin lineup that faces the Boilermakers here Saturday night. Boxers To Clash For Spot On Boilermaker Golden Gloves Team Boxing fans will have an opportunity to see some excellent leather throwing this Friday night, starting at 7:30, in the Fieldhouse. Between forty and fifty boys who have been training under the watchful eyes of Boxing Coach Joe Benna are to compete for the honor of representing Purdue in the Lafayette Golden Glove matches which start on the twenty fourth of this month. For the first time on record boys representing Purdue will compete in the Golden Glove bouts, according to Benna. Sixteen Boilermakers -will be chosen to enter the Lafayette bouts, eight in the open division and eight in the novice class. Oscar Grab, Jim Beers, F. B. Kelsey, and Edward Maiyamasu, who hails from Hawaii, are among the fighters in which Coach Benna places much confidence. The exhibition to be put on by these Riveter boxers should provide plenty of action for the admission price of 15 cents for students
psJdjUtiu £Jwjujl
By Robert J. Deckard Three days old, the Western Conference basketball campaign has struck the hearts of net bugs in the midwest with the force ofi a harpoon and a vestige of savagery that’s quickened the blood. ... A victory is more important than balancing the dern budget; a loss throbs like an amputated drug habit. —^fc— And the folks around this neighborhood are no exception. . . . They’ve gone stark mad. . . . 'The Boilermaker basketball five has turned on its two opponents so far with all the power of a mobile tank. (Not a Buick, thank you). . . . What has happened is that the Boilermakers have made their bid again this year for the championship, having established themselves over the week-end as a team that’s got more punch than a liquor concoction and more courage than a cornered bear. —^fc—• As Tom Harmon, Michigan football player, wrote once, “It takes il boys to makb a football team, and I am only one of the boys,” then it seems we ought to be just as modest and say that, “After all, there are nine other teams in the conference.” —^fc— Anyway, Indiana, Michigan, and Minnesota have set up decent records so far and will furnish a helluvalot of opposition to the PUbunch. . . . Illinois, who dropped a heart-breaker to lU by one point, has asserted itself. . . . Wisconsin and Northwestern have played SOSO ball.... Ohio State and Iowa are about as voluble as a clam up to date, but are capable of handing out a tough dish to digest before the season gets too far gone. —^fc— And we guess there isn’t any room for education in the conference this year. . . . The Chiicago Maroons have dropped a couple of tilts already. —^fc— Saturday’s schedule brings on two top-notch affairs, Indiana at Minnesota and Illinois at Ohio State. . . . Wisconsin and the Riveters rip off a game here; Iowa faces thq tough Michigan team, and ^ Chicago and Northwestern square off at Evanston, III. —^fc— Post Script No. 2—Tom Harmon’s friend who goes to Purdue came into the office Saturday night and said that Harmon would get our Sunday column. . . . Watch for the fireworks, folks.
This week's Big Ten cage results, including Monday night's Ohio State triumph, sets the Boilermaker netmen right on fop of the Big Ten heap with a record of 89 scored points as against 61 for the opposition. Tied for first place honors with records of two straight Big Ten victories are Purdue, Michigan and Indiana; but in tallying according to points scored against opposition, they are listed in that order. Badgers Fall The Badgers, who invade the Purdue Fieldhouse Saturday night, dropped a close 44-39 decision to Michigan at Madison. 'The battle was closely contested all the way, with the Wolverines barely nosing out the Wisconsin quintet in the last half, with Engluhd of Wisconsin and Sofiak of Michigan sharing high point honors with 15 points apiece. Indiana’s efficient machine chalked up its ninth consecutive victory of the season and moved into the triple.tie for Big Ten number one honors by defeating Iowa by a score of 46-30. The Hoosiers were led by center Bill Menke, who accounted,for 11 of Indiana’s tallies. Illinois NU Triumph Illinois won its first Big Ten game on their own hardwood Tuesday night, when they defeated the Maroons by the narrow margin of 34-33, when Frank sent a perfect shot through the strings from the corner of the floor. Northwestern scored its first Big Ten victory by defeating Minnesota, 46 to 38. Purdue’s cagers crushed the Piurple in their first game, but they bounced back to run the Golden Gophers ragged, led by rangy Dick Klein. Based on these scores, the Boilermaker schedule, for at least the next few games, looks very promising. Saturday night’s opponent, Wisconsin, dropped their battle with Michigan, although the Wolverines were hard pressed most of the way. Minnesota, next opponent to be faced by the Gold and Black quintet, lost to Northwestern, who in turn fell before the Purdue cagers in their first Big Ten foray. Art School Designs Placed On Display Industrial designs by students of the Fort Wayne Art School are now being exhibited in the Home Economics building as a special feature of the Applied Design Department. A variety of mediums are used of which the water colors have proven very interesting. The art school is rapidly becoming well known, the quality of work compailng with that of many larger schools. In the daily program, practical problems for local industry and fashion plates are stressed by instructors together with the industrial designs. 'The applied design staff .invites all students to see the exhibits.
ROSENTHAL'S
January Sale OF SUITS - OVERCOATS Here's your opportunity to stock up at great savings. Original price still on the garments. Come Eorlyl $18.50 to $19.50 SUIT OR OVERCOAT $15.75 $22.50 to $25.00 SUIT OR OVERCOAT $19,75 $27.50 to $30.00 SUIT OR OVERCOAT $23,75 MACKINAWS —LEATHER COATS 20% •OFF ROSENTHAL'S
322 Main St
Phone 5975
m
mmTHE PDBDlic MpONENT
Wecbi^ay. fcmucity 10. l94o
BLUEBIRD POPULAR RELEASE No. 352
On Sale This Week
• 26445 Th« Starlit Hour—f.T. (V. R.) Deep Night—r. T. (V R.) Tommy Dorsey and his Orchestra • 26446 Holy Smoke (Can't Ya Tike a Joke?)—F. T. (Y, R.) Somebody Told Me— F. T. (V. R.) Bob Zurke and his Delta Rhythm Band • 26447 Four or Five Times— F. T. (V.'R) I've Found a New Baby— F. T. Lionel Hampton and Orchestra • 26448 The Gaucho Serenade— F T. (V. R ) As 'Round and 'Round We Go—Waits (V. R ) Swing and Sway j with Sammy Kaye • 26440 Phonograph record. Player piano, and Carmen Lombardo. Mondelfsohn Mows 'em DownAlec Templeton
The Foster Shop Authorised Daalera RCA • VICTROLAS - VICTOR RECORDS East Sid* Square
Conference (Continued firom page 1) tion at 9 o’clock in room 365 of the Uni^. General Meeting in Fowler Hall At 12:30 will see the group in a general meeting in Fowler Hall with Prof. T. A. Coleman, associate director of agriculturtil extension, presiding and at that time talks will be given by J. B. Kohlmeyer, J. C. Bottum, of the University farm management extension department, M. J. Huxley, county agent of Fulton County, Willard Singleton, of Parke County, and then a general discussion lead by Kohlmeyer. Meeting and discussion of the sundry groups will be held through the afternoon. In the evening six banquets are to be held. At 6:30 in the West Lafayette Baptist Church the Indiana Jersey Cattle Club will dine. At 6 o’clock the Indiana Guernsey Breeders’ Association will be held in the I^rst Methodist Church. At 5:30 the Home Demonstration Agents will feast in the Old Chestnut room of the Union. At 6 o’clock the Annual Horticultural Dinner will be held in the Home Economics building. At 5 "30 the Indiana Livestock Breeders’ Association will have their spread in the south ballroom of the Union building. At 6 o’clock in room 330 of the Union, the Indiana Com Growers’ Association executives will have their dinner. One of the largest women’s choruses in the country will gather for their annual festival this evening in the Jeff gym. Numerous Home Economics choruses comprising approximately 1,500 women representing 70 counties will sing under the direction of A. P. Stewart, University Music Director, and will be accompanied by the University Orchestra part of the time and by two pianos the other part. Starting at 7 o’clock the University Orchestra directed by Stewart will play a half hour concert. The University Glee Club will also be present and sing during the course of the evening. The last piece on the program will be “Glory Be To God” by the Glee Club, Women’s Combined Chorus, and the University Orchestra. Drysdale Addresses Scabbard And Blade Members At Banquet Speaking with “The European Situation” as his subject. Colonel W, S. Drysdale gave those at the fall initiation banquet of Scabbard and Blade an insight into the present diffiiculties in Europe. Colonel Drysdale was the main speaker at the banquet held in the College Inn of the Fowler Hotel last night. As an opening remark in the speech, he challenged the statement that wars are waged to destroy civilization and said that history has proven that great civilizations have existed only when backed by a great military machine. Colonel Drysdale went on to point out tiiat
Judgei Anriouhce (Qontinuie4 11[
Kirkpatrick, Wingate. First place winners in the various breeds of hybrid corn included Newton Holterman (two samples); A, C. Stewart, GTeensburg, (tivo samples); T. C. Davis; C. A. Campbell, Tipton; Brodbeck Bros., Wabash; Ralph Thurston, Summitville; Combelt Hybrid Co., Boswell; W. H. Olsen, Kotes. Small Grain Small Grain was judged by Dr. G. H. Cutler, Purdue; J. A. McCarty, Evansville; and Roy Caldwell, Camden. In the Oats class first, second and third respectively were won by Roy E. Shoeberger, Clifton Cardwell, Windfall, and Carl Shields, Marion. Other winners in the small grain classes were: Black Soybeans: 1st, Biddle Farm; 2nd, Ward Lewis, Remington; and 3rd, James Lewis, Remington. Soft Winter Wheat: 1st, Roy E. Shoeberger; 2nd, John E. Shoeberger, Rockfield; 3rd, Floyd Woody, Thorntown. Red Clover: 1st, Gerald Foster, Sharpville; 2nd, Roy E. Shoeberger; 3rd, John E. Shoeberger. Korean Lespedeza: 1st, Charles Withrow, Romney; 2nd, Lewis Withrow, Romney; and 3rd, Henry Wichjnan, Washington. Alfalfa: 1st, Earl N. Foster, Tipton; 2nd, Gerald Foster; 3rd, Carl Shields, Marion. Yellow Soybeans: 1st, Richard Lee, Remington; 2nd, Floyd Woody, and 3rd, George M. Spencer, Monticello White and Dutch Clover: 1st, Carroll 0. Mayy, Terre Haute.
the present war is one between rival methods of government, totalitarian and democratic, and that the next decade may decide the fate of the present civilization. A civilization must be able to defend itself and the strongest is sure to win according to the speaker. Toastmaster for the occasion was K. C. Houston. G. E. Olson, Captain of the Purdue company, gave a short welcome to the initiates which was' answered by P. T. Cooper, speaking for the new members. Colonel D. M. Beere, P.M.S.&T. of the Purdue corps, gave a few words of appreciation to the students and faculty of Purdue for their co-op-eration in military work. The speech of Colonel Drysdale followed and the dinner was closed with the school song.
GRIN Akb 8EA^ ii*
By Lieiity
'Don't look now, Gaylord, but that woman over there has a terrible figurel"
Personnel Notes COMPANY: B. F. Goodrich Company, Akron, Ohio, manufacturers of automobile tires and industrial rubber products. REPRESENTATIVE: Bert S. Taylor, general superintendent of the processing division. VISITING PURDUE: Wednesday, February 28. INTERVIEWING: Seniors in chemistry, chemical and mechanical engineering. This company wishes to employ men for production, operation, design, maintenance and construction. A training course is available to new employees. Those interested should sign up in the main office of their school or department. COMPANY: Ingersoll Rand Company, 11 Broadway, New York City, manufcturers of air compressors, diesel engines. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. J. H. Dillon, technical personnel director. VISITING PURDUE: Tuesday and Wednesday, February 6 and 7. INTERVIEWING: Mechanical
and electrical engineering seniors who are in the first quarter of their class in scholarship, who have good personalities and who are not under 5 ft, 9 in. in height. This company wishes to employ engineers for training as sales engineers^ Literature is available in the main office of the schools mentioned. Those interested should read this information, and sign up for consideration. COMPANY: Armstrong Cork Company, Lancaster, Pennsylvania. REPRESENTATIVE: Mr. J J. Evans, Jr., personnel manager, and Mr. George Kittridge, assistant personnel manager. VISITING PURDUE: Monday and Tuesday, February 12 and 13. INTERVIEWING: Chemical, electrical, mechanical engineering and science seniors, graduate students and juniors in the above-list-ed schools. A detailed bulletin is posted in the office of the chemical, electrical, mechamcal engineering and science schools. Those interested please read this bulletin carefully, and sign up for consideration.
Turn Your ASSETS
Into CASH
by using the classified colunpus of the Purdue 1 Exponent. If you want to rent or sell something you can do it best thru—
r
the Purdue Exponent
Business Phone 5038
PdlEiifenrijnatonl^liiii Conference January til fhe fpi^J^h Annual ^onfierenjce qf pest eTcterpiiniatqrs iiyilJ be Jtiel4 at t^e University, January 16 to l^h. This conference draws commercial operators principally from the Central and eastern states, altlipugh there will be representatives from other parts of the country, as well as Canada. The Conference plans to discuss insecticides, fumigants, and specific insect problems. Use EXPONENT Classified Ads Notices No notice* will be accepted after 8 p. m.
Fraternity Presidents’ Conncii: Resniar meeting at 6 p m Thursday, January 11, at the Phi Gamma Delta house. —CATTEBAIili
Union at 7:46 p. m. —SIOKMAN.
B^qit There will
Thi
Roohi.
at 6:30 p
Debris Salesmcin: Important business m«#)ing m Wednesday, Jttntwurjr lOi^at 4 p. m. in tosiness hglce. •— Chess Clnb: Regular meeting Wednesday,*- January 10, at 7 p. m in the kaiae tuom. —GOFF.
Plying Clnb: Very iniportant meeting Wedneifday, January* 10, at 7 p. m. in room C of the union. There will be i discussion of a new ship and changing of flight rules, —KIMBALL. Wedey Foundation: Roller skatjng party, Saturday night, January 18, after ue basketball game. Sign up at the Foundation, Tickets are 26c. —HONNE. Freshmen Engineers: Explanations for absences from engmeering lectures not previously reported must be submitted to my office not later than Saturday, January 18, —KNAPP. Sigma Delta Psi: Meeting for all national and local members at 4 p m , Wednesday, January 10, in the Old Agriculturist office of the Union —MENKE. Religious Council: Meeting Wednesday, January 10, at 7 .80 in the Wesley Foundation —SWOPE Varsity Debate Try-outs: All interested in trying out for the varsity debate team should report to room 801 in the University Building, today, at 4 p m. laolationNeutrahty will be discussed —^KING. Camera Club: There will be a meeting in room F of the Union at 7 80 p. m. Thursday Program to be a swap-session. Bring articles to trade or sell —^HEDDEN Cosmopolitan Clnb: Informal meeting of all Cosmo members at 4:80 p. m. Friday, January 12, in Agriculturist Office of Union National Convention report by Mr, Cerda Free cokes afterwards. —SmCKEL.
filstinguished Howitzer Squad: All juniors who signed up for this competition read notice posted on bulletin board in Armory (1-13) —FAULCONER
Ads
PEW 61, 63, 65: All classes except bowling and swimming meet in room 101 of shops for Sun Valley film at one of the following hours: Tuesday, January 9, at 8 p. m, 4 p m, 7 80 p. m, Wednesday, January 10, 3 p m, 4 p. m. (1-10) —HAZELTON
Dolphin Club: Important meeting at pool immediately after swimming meet Saturday, January 13 —HARRIS.
Freshman Squash Men: Meeting Thunday, January 11, at 7 p m in room 106 in the Fieldhouse —KNOLL
FOR SALE FOB SALE—Typewriter*. All make*. Btend^ and portable, sold, pniclmaed, rented and New portable machines as 606 *'• FOR RENT QUIET ROOM in new fully Insulateff mattress, continuous hot water, two blocks from Union. 806 S Grant
Scabbard and Blaae i>aii Committee. Meet Wednesday, January 10, at 4 p m , room 206 in Armory. —PERRIN Exponent Staff: Be sure to nave exam schedules in my box by Friday, Januhry 12, at 4 p m. —PTIED
®5NT-A-CAR SERVICB. Phone 71644^ter 6 p. m. Minimum $2.00—$2.60 All night.
P-Men: Please get tickets from me immediately to sell for Blanket Hop this Saturday Every P-Man should be selling these tickets Call at the Alpha Cln Rho house (1-13) —GAULKB
FOR RENT—Extra nice downstairs room ; single or double, with innerspnng mattress. Very reasonable, 212 Wiggins Ph 46881, WANTED—Students to work 801 University St. Apply in person LOST—Brown and tan overnight bag at station last Wednesday night Call 8418 or 3329
STUDENT ROOM, single beds, no otherstudents 609 Dodge St Phone 8769
DEEP
VEIN
Try Our Deep Vein Stoker Cool
IV4 3c 10 Mesh Treated $5.25 Approx. Analysis 7% Ash 12.500 B. T. U.s Satisfaction Guaranteed North Star Coal Co.
Phone 2405
308 Brown
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD j. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Dairy Products
• Dine
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
COME OVER! EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
• Locksmith
• Hardware
KEYS & LOCKS Ax'. latches and Dadliv-k« Auto keys a specialty Bicy'desrac::essQries and repairing, ' MULHAUPT'S 209-1) N 5th St Phone 2828
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse —Lower Prices 822 Mam Phone 2777
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
• jewelers
Hay^ Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices