i ‘f,',"'*' ' > II'H 111
^ ^ tZ-v*-
, ft. ^ ^ .-i - ^
1^
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning By and For Students of Purdue University
Exponent
vmmtmMr rehrnory 9, 1838 lofoyetfo^ bidiona VOL 48 Ko. 108
Greek Ball Ticket Sales
End At Noon Tomorrow
Upholding the strict sale limit£(,tion of sis tickets, the Interfratemity Ball committee announced last night that no more ducats can be given to fraternity presidents for the annual dance Friday night in the Union ballroom. ‘^Some few presidents have tickets
Co-ed Rush, Though Unresfrided, Fails To Exdte Sororities
“Open co-ed rush is all right for the second semester, because at that time it is more informal. It would be impossible, however, to employ this method for the hectic first semester rush,” commented Pan Hellenic Council President Mary Gene Jarrett last night, explaining why rush rules have been temporarily laid aside. “Anything Goes” Sororities, however, fail to get excited over the new “anything goes” policies, and are holding informal and rather haphazard rush programs. Only 28 co-eds are registered for second semester rush. Kappa Alpha Theta’s, led by Rush Chairman Frances Ford, plan to pledge tomorrow afternoon. Last night they gave an informal Italian food dinner; tonight they plan to have -a more formal valentine dinner. About four or five new pledges is the quota the Theta’s have estimated for themselves.
“No Extensive Rush” “We’re not carrying on any extensive rush,” say the Chi Omegas, “just a few informal dinners are all we’ve planned.” Pi Phi rush captain Ella Lou Sexson mentioned dinners last night and tonight', and said her sorority planned to invite several rushees to stay all night in the house tomorrow night. Pedalion co-eds plan a buffet dinner dance Saturday night, with arrangements in charge of Betty Soehner. Louise Bain at the Kappa house arranged luncheon and dinner yesterday. Alpha Xi Delta has already pledged two; and may have another cei^emony later. They gave a dinner last night in the chapter house.
Dads' Association To Sponsor Banquet For Dads, Students
Paul P. Royster of Lafayette, president of the Purdue Dad’s Association, announced yesterday that the organization will sponsor a father and son banquet for Purdue dads and students on Tuesday evening, March 1, in the Union Ballroom. The program is planned primarily for fathers and sons of Tippecanoe county and surrounding counties, but according to Royster, it will be of interest to any father anjrv^here that has a son enrolled at Purdue. Arthur McQueen, of Wtest Lafayette, State senator Floyd Garrott, of Battle Ground, Lynn Miller, of J[efferson High School, and T. R. Johnston, publicity director of the University, all members of the Dads’ executive committee, have been appointed by Royster to serve with himself and Dr. R. Phillips in planning the dijnner. Preliminary plans will be started at a meeting tonight.
Advertising Firm Founds Gray Scholarship Fund
In memory of Russel T. Gray, late advertising executive of Chicago, the advertising agency which he founded and headed till his death has given the University a fund of $100 to establish the Russel T. Gray Memorial Scholarship.
left,” commented Carl Sadler, committee chairman, “but we haVe none to sell now, "and will absolutely not sell any at the door.” He added that all ticket sales will be stopped tomorrow noon. Dance Programs Available Dance programs will be available starting today noon at the Memorial Union Building checkroom. They will be given in exchange for ticket stubs. Wearing silver metal covers, the programs bear the seal of Purdue University in a cutout on the front, and the words “Interfraternity Ball” along the bottom of the back. Backdrop Portrays Fraternities A backdrop symbolic of fraternity life and fraternal principles, plus large badge of the individual houses will comprise the decoi’ations. The hours of the formal affair will be from 9 till 1 p. m., since co-eds are to be given 2 o’clock hours. Frankie Masters and his orchestia come from a long engagement in Chicago’s Hotel Sherman College Inn to supply rhythm and swing for fraternity dancers. His radio program with Edgar Guhst is a regular Tuesday night feature broadcast over NBC’s blue network. Marion Frances, young singer from
Wisconsin, will accompany the band as featured vocalist.
Senafe Launches Drive To Produce NSFA Convention
Gray was very active in alumni affairs, serving as president of the alumni association in years follovl’ing bis graduation from the University in 1915. According to E. B. Baugh, ajumni secretary, Gray’s friends will add cash gifts to the fund firem time ,tQ time,
With the appointment of H. E. Montfort, senior electrical engineer and vice-president of the Student Senate, as director of committees for planning and executing the 1938 convention of the National Student Federation of America, to be held at the University next December, the Senate lapt night launched its drive to produce the “greatest conclave the NSFA has ever known.” Purdue Only Big Ten Member Only school in the Big Ten to join the NSFA, accorded by authorities to be the largest student organization of its kind in the world, Purdue has the additional burden of interesting the other nine mid-westr ern universities in the convention’s proceedings. Further plans ,for handling the 250 delegates and guests to the conviention have been placed in the hands of five committees under Montfort’s direction. For the purpose of handling publicity and correspondence for the convention a confmittee was appointed consisting of W. Feldman, chairman, and Senators Clark, Zweirlein, and Townsend. Entertainment Committee Entertainment for the convention will be in the hands of Senators Petty, Beddoe, Hall, and Schumacher, chairman. Committee for regional organization will consist of Elliott, chairman, and Senators Stewart, Hoffer, and Jacks. ' Senators Jacobi, Hamman, Huff, and Raebig, will supervise housing and meals for the delegates. Business management of the convention will be performed by a committee consisting of Senators Kessel and Keck, co-chairmen, Fisher, Lind, and Pendergrass.
$igma Phi Epsilon Pledges
Sigma Phi Epsilon sociah fraternity announces the pledging of James T. Moore, Kenosha, Wis.
Indiana Weather
Alumnus ^Plays Up ^Fieldhouse In January Issue
Claiming a lion’s share of the January issue of Purdue Alumnus pages is the newly dedi-
cated Fieldhouse. The monthly publication, just off Hie press, contains detailed accounts of the dedication ceremonies, and the Open House program held January 15. i Next in importance comes the seasonal sport—basketball. A number of the games are described in separate stories while general resumes, standings and feature articles complete the coverage of that Fieldhouse sport. On page 2 is printed the text of Noble Kizer’s telephone peptalk delivered to the football squad in the Indiana Stadium before the last lU football contest. Many of the other Alumnus pages are devoted to such regular features as: Boilermaker Briefs, Alumniquiz, Class Notes, and Purdue Pick-Ups.
Musliam Receives Top-Ranking Cadet Officer's Position
Fofevoet for the Stgte:' Unsettled, slightly warmer jp soqth por'tiops. Probably rain Wedfiesday night and Thursday, changing to snd'^ in north portions- Much ©older Thursday. Local Temperatures: High, 57; low, 34i; mean, 4?.
In the ratings of senior cadet officers made by the military department for the second semester, W. C. Musham retained his position as the number one man in the corps, being the highest of the six cadet colonels. Captain B. A. Hayfoi-d recently announced. Following him in the rankings is Cadet Colonel R. O. Wickersham, who also maintained his position in the corps ratings. Other cadet colonels in order of their rankings are D. D. Baals, J. R. (Murray, W. H. Barry, and S. C. Williams. Lieutenant Colonels The cadet lieutenant colonels in order are F. L. Coers, E. N. Cox, E. H. Martin, P. S. Emrick, D. A. Morrison, W. Fusiek, C. L. Moir, C. L. Sadler, G. E. Simonton, J. F. McCauley, R. A. Hart, D. T. Lowery, G. F. Springman, and R. Isenbarger. The cadet majors in order are C. LeMasters, D. R. Bell, C. E. Maahs, G. V. Kellner, J. Vanderford, P. B. Ewing, N. K. Reinhard, R. J. Aull, C. B. Neilson, J. W. Reichart, V. W. Antucshko, E. C. Alexander, C. D. Arnold, J. C, Bergsma, H. R. Ebbeler, and A. A. Glade. Cadet Captains The first five ranking cadet captains are M. T. Wakefield, W. E. Roby, G. Poehlman, B. Olsen, and W. A. Allee. N Of the junior officers, all of whom are cadet second lieutenants, first ten ranking men are J. M. Rudolph, R. W. Oyler, W. L. Hostetler, R. C. Zimmer, R. B. Langohr, R. B. Coen, L. E. Keck, H. W. Lownie, L. L. Treece, and J. E. Hammer.
Hanley Contestants Speak
Gaylord Tells Canners About Food Freezing
“The freezing of products as a means of preserving them is a challenge to the canning industry to maintain and improve quality,” declared Fay C. Gaylord, assistant chief of the University horticulture department, yesterday before 200 canners attending the opening session of the eleventh annual conference of Indiana canners, field men, and growers. Conference attendance, expected to reach the 1,000 mark, will include visiting fieldmen and growers from all parts of the state. These men will come to aftend raw products, tomato, and miscellaneous canning crops sectional meetings.
Give Freezing Results Gaylord related to the
canners
some of the results obtained from a five year study of adaptation of freezing methods to Indian^ products. He said that most fruits can be frozen to advantage.
Last night’s program was in the form of a “Scotch dinner with a Dutch atmosphere” which was followed by discussions of organizing cannery clubs, picking schools, and picking contests. Will Award Medals
At the Union ballroom banquet for the group tonight, 700 are expdbted to dine and witness the awarding to the 1363 growers of the 8,385 Hoosiers co-operating in Purdue’s U. S. “Won” and Double Tonnage tomato projects. Winners will receive gold, silver, and bronze medals for their outstanding achievements in growing large quantities of quality tomatoes per acre of ground. Other speakers at the initial session were Roscoe Fraser, University extension horticulturist; Paul Wolf, Morristown canner; and Dr. L. M. Sears, of the University economics, history, and governhient department. Rodney Koontz, Gaston, president of the Indiana Canners Association, presided during the afternoon.
Registration Total Not Yet Complete
Final figures on registration will not be available before Saturday, it was reported by Prof. F. C. Hockema, assistant to the president, last night. Since graduate students and men seeking a professional degree are still registering the official totals on registration can not be determined until later.
Plans For West Side Frozen Food Locker Plant Neiar Completion
By Donald Terrio Plans, are going ahead rapidly on the proposed frozen food locker plant, to be located in West Lafayette, with two public meetings scheduled for this week. Lafayette Food Lockers, (to be incorporated) reports that about ten weeks will be required to build and equip the plant. The sooner the required 160 original patrons are obtained the earlier the plant will be ready. Originated In Far West While locker plants originated in the far West and commerciaRy frozen fruits and vegetables found their early popularity in the Eastern states, both are growing rapidly in opposite directions. This is due, points out the company, to the lack of adequate low temperature storage facilities in the middle West, South, and West. Locker plants are helping to overcome this need, and should play a major part in the Increasing consumption of frosted foods. They make possible the enjoyment of foods locally grown throughout the
year at large savings over commercial brands. The company desires to have this plant in operation in time to process and store early fruits and vegetables when they are ready for market. Unlike meats, which may be processed at any time, fruits and vegetables can be procured for processing only during their particular season. When this season passes, it means waiting another year. Local Support Several groups of West Siders are supporting the movement because of the substantial savings experienced" by those who have lived in communities where plants are operating, and because of the fast growing tendency to use quick freezing instead of the old fashioned methods of preserving fruits and vegetables. “ ‘Fooey on city life,’ can say hundreds of rural people now enjoying frozen food^ taken from their locker,” says the National Livestock Journal in a recent article concerning these plants.
Joe Rittenhouse, Bob Sasser Win Junior Division; Finals March 3rd
Joe Rittenhouse, junior EE, won the junior division of the Second Annual Hanley Public Speaking Contesi last evening in the faculty lounge of the Union Building with a well-de-livered speech, “Consider the Average Man.” Rittenhouse discussed the condition of the average wage-earner, explaining that, his cost of living would be increased by minimum wage legislation. Robert Sasser, junior ME, placed second, speaking on “Minimum Wages and Recovery.” “I really believe I was lucky to
win,” said Joe, smilingly inspecting the “Financial Handbook” he had just been awarded by the spokesman for the judges, Robert Horn, of the speech department. “I had all due respect for my opponents—I heard them speak last night.” Five Contestants Speak The contestants who spoke i« last night’s elimination, Joe Rittenhouse; Gilbert Devore, ME; Douglas C. Harvey, ME; Sam Marks, ME; and Robert Sasser, ME; were selected from the preliminary trials Monday. The winner and the run-ner-up will participate in the Final Hanley Contest, to be held March 3 in Fowler Hall. The two finalists in this all-division contest will be awarded with $50 and $30 prizes. Last night’s contest was presided over by Prof. C. A. Ellis, of the civil engineering school, and the judges were Prof. Justus Rising, of the practical mechanics department, K. Sharkey, of the economics department, and Robert Horn, of the speech department. At the close of the contest last night, Horn announced that the senior division concontest will be held next Tuesday evening at 7:30 in the faculty lounge of the Union Building.
Producers Call First Rehearsal For'Of Thee I Sing' Tonight At 7
With the selection of the extras and parade grirls completed, the first rehearsal for “Of Thee I Sing,” allcampus musical production, was called for this evening at 7 p. m. The entire principal cast, with the exception of the Parade Chorus, will meet in the tower room of the Union Building. The parade girls who were chosen are Caroline Shaw, Treva Berry,
Marjorie Blocker, Jean Jones, Valerie Armstrong, and Alice Martens. Frances Ford, Rachael Kaufman, Myra McKee, Ann Sims, Mae Sims, Georgia Lee Weigel, Shirley Anderson, Rosemary Skinner, Josephine Friend, Ruth Renfroe, Pauline Bechtold, and Martha Moorhead were selected as extras. '' Male extras who were chosen for the supporting cast are O. E. Baker, Elmer Carlquist, Walter Wagner, William Yeoman, Russel Green, R. Hewitt, J. Hoffman, James Moore, F. Robbins, and John Phillips.
Dr. F.B. Knight To Address Ag Faculty Tonight At 7:30
Agricultural staff members will consider the “Problem of Forgetting” at their third meeting on methods of teaching tonjght. Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the University division of education and applied psychology, will discuss the subject for the group at 7:30 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. i In addition to detailed discussion of the problem and its possible solutions, Dr. Knight plans to present a quantity of experimental data relative to the habit of forgetting. The Ag school’s committee on methods of teaching is sponsoring the affair, and invites other interested members of the University faculty to attend.
'Registration Helpers Persons who worked for the Registrar on February 1 and 2 may get their checks by calling at the Registi'ar’s office. Registrar Stone.
Union To Present Weekly Lectures On Music Appreciation
Weekly lectures in music appreciation will be held on either Thursday or Friday evenings at 7:30 in the music room of the Union Building, beginning with the first meeting tomorrow night. Each program of this new series will consist of half lecture and haK music. Union vicepresidents Wood and Cabonargi announced last night. “The Part that Music Can Play in the Lives of Everyone” will be explained by A. P. Stewart, director of the University music organizations, tomorrow evening, at 7:30 in the music room. Type recordings will illustrate this lecture.
The series of programs has been designed to include almost every phase of rpusic, and most of the speakers engaged are members of the faculty who are well versed in some particular type of music. Other programs to follow in this series include lectures on: “Pianos and Piano Construction,” “Chamber Music,” “Opera,” “The Symphony” (griven by a representative of the Indianapolis Symphony), “Music as an Avocation,” “Chopin,” “Band Mu-
sic,” “Personalities in Music,” and
“Hiring Musical Talent.’
Lorenson Explains Pottery Processes
Spode china—a history of the industry, a motion picture of the manufacturing process, and an exhibition of the design—was explained by Miss Laura Lorenson in her lecture, “The Magic of the Potter’s Wheel,” in the Home Economics Auditorium yesterday.
At 2:30, she spoke to members of the art section of the Purdue Women’s Club and at 7:30 in the evening, she addressed the Virginia C. Meredith Club. Her exhibition of Spode china, “store” china, and earthenware included clays, molds, and samples of these pieces at various stages of completion. *
Miss Lorenson who is a New York City lecturer and writer on the decorative arts writes for the New York Sun and the House and Decorations magazine.
PIA To Give Saint Valentine Dance
PIA members will hold a tea dance in the Union ballroom Saturday aftenioon from 3 to 5. The affair will follow the spirit of St. Valentine’s Day with J. Robert Shinn directing the PIA dance orchestra. As is customary at these affairs, a limited stag line will be present. Those who plan to attend without dates should sign up in the PIA office in the Memorial Union Building as soon as possible. Broken hearts will serve as tickets of permission, allowing bearers to cut in. Members will be requested to present identification cards at Ihe door for admittance.
Alpha Xi Dalfa rMgat
Alpha Xi Delta sorority an* nounces the pledging of Kathryn Harlan. Indianapolis, and v Kdith Slinkard, Lyons. ‘
r S Jj. ,S'V
V
THE PUBPUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, Febraory 9, 1938
Young Couples
... no longer need to marry without a good idea of the problems they will run up against in wedlock, nor without some notion of the rules they are going to have to follow in order to make the joint venture successful. Colleges throughout the nation sponsor lectures concerning matrimonial problems . . . some of them offer courses in the various social and economic aspects of marriage. Better still, the youngsters are now provided with standards for choosing a husband or wife—^for putting marriage on a saner basis. Psychologists and sociologists are delving into family affairs and conducting tests on married and marriageable persons to find guages for the scientific selection of a mate ... to replace the questionable guidance of self-styled authorities on love and its associated interests. Romantic idealists will object to letting anything except affection influence courtship and marital choice. Many marriages are founded on grounds other than passionate love, however, and even this may be affected by previous education in mati’imonial principles. This week’s Time magazine reports the results of seven years’ statistical studies of marriage made by Professor Ernst Burgess of the University of Chicago and his associate Dr. Leonard Cottrell, Jr. The professors recently completed investigations on the wedded life of 526 Illinois couples who had been married from one to six years, were mostly high school or college graduates, Protestants, and more than half of whom had incomes of $1,800 or more a year. Professors Burgess and Cottrell drew conclusions on the degree of marital happiness and signs of successful marriage, but more important to university students are their rules for predicting success or failure of marriage before marriage. They set forth the following tests for choosing a life partner: Likely to have a happy marriage is the person whose parents have been happy. Contrary to the general belief, the more strongly the husband and wife are attached to their parents, the more likely they are to be happy in marriage. An only or youngest child is a poor risk unless married to an oldest or middle child. Most successful mating is that of an oldest child with another oldest. Chances of success are greater if an individual marries another of similar family background. A person is a good risk if he or she attended Sunday school after the age of 10, better if he is still attending. Also a good catch is a person who is a member of three or more organizations. More important than the size of income is its regularity and the nature of the occupation of a man for whom a girl sets her cap. The girl who has worked before marriage is a much better risk than one who has not. A teacher or skilled office worker is likely
the Purdiie Exponent
mUaCM VIIS00K9H Entered as second class matter at the post oflice in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of ConKress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Campus subscriptions $8 per year; by mail $8.60. RSPRBSENTED FOB NATtQNAL ADVEBTISINO BV National AdvertisliigService, Inc. College Publishers Representattve 420 MADISON AVE New York, N. Y Chicago ■ boston - Loa Angeles - sah Francisco
Editor-In-CMef
Basiness Manaarzr
R. P. Manion
. D. C. Miller
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor. -—J- ^®*P**' Associate Editors — -D. A. Bailey, L. S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance Editor’s Secretary Margaret Sawyer BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager— —J. P. GiMrd National Advertising Manager. W. J. Gillilan Local Advertising Manager B. IL ^nsler Circulation Manager - M. C. Reeves CO-ED STAFF Editor - Elizabeth Pyke Associate Editors Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee SPORTS STAFF Editor R. F. Obenchain Associate Editors J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer MAIN OFFICE 812 N. Fifth St., Lafayerie, Indiana Editorial Phone 6037 Business Phone 6038 UNION OFFICE Room E, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AU opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offcial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief. Night Editor—Hardin Issue Editor—Deckard Wednesday, February 9, 1938
to make a good wife. But swains should shun the girl who has changed jobs frequently. The longer the prospective couple have known each other, the more successful is their marriage likely to be. Optimum periods: five or more years’ acquaintance, three to five years’ courtship, and at least two years’ engagement. “Marriages of affection and companionship are likely on the average to be more successful than those of infatuation and romance.” Infatuation does not necessarily indicate a satisfactory sexual adjustment after marriage. Desire for children is a happy augury. But paradoxically, after children have come married persons are less happy than before.
By Sally MdSee Recently a professor on the campus who has been working on a government board, one member of which was a woman, asked the following question, “At what point may the customary civilities due to a woman as a woman cease.” Our blanket answer was when those civilities cause a waste of precious time or when they interfere with the work, and when they set her up as different from the men in the work which they are doing presumably as equals. Of course, when these people, men and women, go out to dinner or any other social event, the men must remember their colleague a& a woman to whom certain social manners are due. When they cease work for afternoon tea or a morning snack, they are no longer working and sodety expects them to pay her their respects.
Notices No Notices Accepted After 8 p.m.
WAA Voneyball: Class practices February 9 at 4 p. m. To be eligible for class teams one must have played in two intramural games or must come out for these two practices. —RODERICK.
Catalyst Club: Important meeting February 9, at 7 ;30 p. m. in room 202 Heavilon HaU. —BOWMAN.
Shop Students: All keys for clothes lockers in the ^uth wash room in Michael Golden Shops assigned to students who do not have shop assignments for the second semester, must be returned to the department AT ONCE. Keys not returned by February 12, will be paid for by students bolding them. —TURNER.
Sophomore Union Woriiers: All those desiring extra union hour credit pUaM tojiori to the musical offices at Eliza Fowler Hall during off hours. WOOD
WAA Fta«
TtuM games to bo
played by noon*lK£niw M: BeiB^n va. Randall; Bwiek vs. Mwter: Cocking vs. Hollingeworth. „dELAFLANE.
Strong Vocational Guidance Tests: Results are^ available until February 12 at room 202 of the Michael Golden Shops. —RISING.
Fraternity Presidents: All fraternities please bring enlarged pins or insignia to Union office before February 10 at 4:30 p. m. to be used as Interfratemity Ball decorations. —HARPER.
WSGA Sophomore Training School: Meetings will continue Monday, February 16, at 4:16 p. m. —STEWART.
Lafayette Philatelic Society: Meeting February 9, m the Lafayette Historical museum at 7 :30 p. m. —MILLER.
Radio Club: Meeting February 9 in room C of the Union at 7 o’clock. —THOMPSON.
WAA Members: Important that all WAA members be present February 9, at 4 p. m.. Women’s Gym. Special business. —DANIELS.
Exponent Sophomore Co-eds: Work schedule for February 9: Wimborough, Thrasher, and Johnson; February 11, Schilling, Sawdon, Wickard, and Henry; and February 12, Henry, Martens, and Steffee. —McKEE.
Freshman Swimming Team: All men report at 4 p. m. for time trials for Illinois telegraphic meet. —EASTWOOD.
Camera Club: Meeting February 9 at 7 p. m. in the tower room of the Union. New committee chairmen will be announced. Jam session will be held in preparation for the Playshop Candid Camera night. Bring your camera and note paper. Second semester dues now payable. —yiLLIAMSON. Triton Club: Important meeting at 7 :30 p. m. February 9 at the Memorial Gymnasium pool. All members must be present. —WALKER
Fraternity Presidents: Please be prepared to turn in money for Inter-Fraternity Ball tickets February 10, if possible. —SADLER.
Red Cross Life Saving Examiners: Please call 8029 if interested in conducting junior and senior life saving classes. —BRINDUSE.
Of Thee I Sing: Members of the cast, the men’s and women’s pony choruses, and extras are to report to the Union tower room this evening at 7 p. m. Girls of the parade chorus need not report. —STEWART.
Orchesisi Important practice February 9 at 7 p. im —HARRY.
Thomas Say Entomological Society: Regular monthly meeting February 10 at 7:30 p. m. in room 108 of Agriculture Hall. —TAVINGER.
Union Workers: All sophomore Union workei-s report to Union office at 2 p. m^. today. —TURNER
WSGA Activities Committee: Compulsory meeting February 9, at 4 p. m. in WSGA office. Everyone must be present. —JONES.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting Wednesday, February 10, at 8 p. m. in office. —STEWART.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: The Johns-Mans-viile Company will show their movie on Celite February 14 in room 106 of the Chemistry Building at 4 p. m. —SANDERS.
Gimlet Club: Dinner meeting at the Pi Kappa Alpha house February 9 at 6 p. m. —BROWN.
Independent Staff: Meeting February 9, at 4 p. m. —MEACHAM.
WAA Badminton: Call out with instructions for singles tournament Bebruary 11 at 4 p. m. —CAMBELL.
Agriculturist: All freshmen and sophomores interested in working on the editorial staff, please report to the office at 4 o’clock February 9. Important. —PARKINSON.
Purdue Plying Club: Important short meeting in room B of the Union Building, February 10 at 7 p. m. —SKINNER.
PEW Swimming: Non-credit swimming classes are being offered at 4 o’clock on Wednesdays and Fridays. —RUSSELL.
PEW: Co-ed swimming elective class for beginners starts at 4 p. m. today in Memorial Gym pool. Bring suit and cap. —RUSSELL.
WHEEEE!! It happened at the WRH Open House Sunday: A sweet young gal stepped up to a handsome young boy, and tapping him on the shoulder, murmured, “There’s a phone call for you in this alcove.” Together they stepped into the alcove, and emerged a few minutes later. The boys lips were suspiciously healthy. It also happened at the Open House: In the South Hall sat an elderly couple accompanied by a young boy, beatifically devouring cookies and slurping chocolate. A moment or so later they were seen in a similar pose in the North Hall enjoying coffee and more cookies. Come on, fess up. How many of you did the same thing ? Report comes that the Betas are constructing a dog house for one of the brothers. We don’t know for whom it is intended but rumor indicates it will be for either Keith Kirkpatrick or Walt Shealor. ASLEEP IN THE DEEP Tom Garland was a bit weary the other night after putting in many long hours of Union work. Being at the Union Building, since it was such a short time until he would have to go to class and since he was in the Union Building and since his home was a good little walk from there. Master Tom decided to sleep at the Union. Says he to the janitor, “Where’s a good place to sleep around here ?” “Why, I guess you’d be pretty comfortable in the women’s lounge,” replied the janitor, “Just go to sleep in there and I’ll wake you up in the morning before I leave.” Tom went to sleep and slept , • . and slept .... and slept . . . until the amazed squeals of co-eds awoke him, a much abashed little boy. It seems that we heard about a prominent member of the Debris staff suffering a similar fate. Don’t forget about the MARS passes for the best contribs on anything. Sigma Alpha Mu Pledies Sigma Alpha Mu, social fraternity, announces the pledging of Seymour Adler, Brooklyn, N. Y.
CHILDREN’S CLASSES OPEN BALLET and TAP SAT., FEB. 19 Phone 2150
SOCIAL DANCING CLASSES Dancing is one of the most important social requirements ADULT BEGINNERS’ CLASS OPENS WED., FEB. 16, 7:30 p. m. To Experienced Dancers ENROLL IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS FRIDAY, FEB. 18
ALLEN’S
Sixth and Ferry Call or Phone 2150
Frozen Food Lockers Plans will be presented for plant to process meats, berries, fruits and vegetables by quick freezing and storage in individual lockers at 2 meetings this week. Ladies meeting, 2:15 p. m., Thurs., Feb. 10 Ladies and Gentlemen meeting 2:15 p. m., S9[t.,Feb. 12 Meetings to be held at , College Inn Cafeteria Phone 2971 for information or to hove representative coll on you Rental blanks may he filled ih at Purdue State Bonk
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty^
‘Have it yojH^way, Mr. Beedle—only tell your wife, in the future, to stop borrowing eggs and salt from me!”
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
LOST—Elgin watch in Union on Saturday 5 to 6 p. m. Initials E.D.N. Reward. Call E. D. Neal 7032.
LOST—Hamilton wrist watch in Union Saturday evening. Finder call 65304. Reward.
FOR RENT—^Nice large, light rooms, continuous hot water, good heat, nice location on car line. 100 South Street.
CAR BARGAIN — ’32 Deluxe Rockne in good condition, priced for quick sale by student. Has radio, heater, free-wheeling, new battery, six excellent tires. Call 51202.
FOR RENT—Student room, pri-
CiliAIMB ^ AMKmiEliM .BwnMK
vtUh VICrOK MOORI • HILBN MODIRICK • MRKYAKARKUS
SILLY GILBIRY
vate entrance. Continuous hot water. 113 South Grant. Phone 51302.
LOST—Yellow gold class ring with initials R.W.L. Reward. Call 36151.
WANTED—An inexpensive canoe, equipped with paddles. Call Swander, 6021.
LOST—On East Side, Triangle fraternity pin set with opals and rubies. Call 4005. Reward.
FOR SALE—Packard electric razor 2 months old $10. Call 36073 after 6.
FOR RENT—Single room, 122 Pierce street. $7.60 per month. Phone 7764.
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
ARC
LAST DAY
“WILD WEST DAYS” SERIAL
—LAST DAY— YOU’LL COlftic HU iaki-AR ’EM AND STAY TO CHEER 'EMI
hotei*prog1mmSS LOUELUPMSOiS BENNY GOODMAN r SWING SMD STARTS TOMORROW
m:iik LAST TIMES TODAY
.to
Edmund Lowe Charles Butterworth
— STARTING TOMORROW — WARNER GLAND \ in “CHARLIE CHAN AT MONTE CARLO” and GLORIA STUART in “CHANGE OF HEART”
\
«
'VWednesdctyrPebraary 9» 1938
THE Subdue EXPONENT
Oard Five Wins Swimming; Championship
t .
Krick Takes High Point|Greek$ Run Today In First Indoor Track, Field Meet
Honors In Inter-Ward Tilt
Ward 5 won the annual inter-ward swimming meet last night at the Fieldhouse with 16 points, four more than the second place team, Cary Hall North. Ward 4 and Cary Hall East tied for third place with 11 points each. H. R. Krick won three first places
fielder’s choice
for Ward 6 to account for 16 of their points. His wins -v/ere in the 100yard breast-stroke, the fancy diving event, and the 220-yard free style. W. P. Mauck finished third in the 60-yard free style for the other score for Ward 6. Cary Hall North Wins Relay Winning the relay/in the last event was enough to give Cary Hall North second place in the meet. Their team, composed of L. B. McCannon, T. W. Abolin, J. T. Jarman, and F. S. Verink, defeated Cary Hall East. Second places went to
Verink in the 40 yard free style, and McCannon, in the 100 yard breast stroke, while Abolin won the backstroke event to give Cary Hall North its 12 points. Risser Makes 11 Points Second to Krick, who won the individual honor with 16 points, was A. W. Risser, of Ward 4. He won the 60-yard free style and the 100 yard free style, and finished third in the 220-yard free style, scoring 11 points, for all the points for his ward.
• the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
— Bookstores
Barbers —
“DEAC” Everything for a College Education H. G. REfSNER
SOUTHWORTH’S Everything for the Purdue Student
MODEL BARBER SHOP 222 No. 5th Street Lafayette "THREE GOOD BARBERS’ Locksmith
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. BSSK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBRRT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK 4th & Main Phone 5701
F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Dependable Locksmiths Automobile key und lock oerTice our flpcciulty. ^ L. C. N. Door Closer Distribnton 208-211 N. 5th St., Phone 2828
Beauty Studio
Hardtoare
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J.SPERBHDW. 822 MAIN
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE
Co-ed Special, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
By Dick Obenchain Everett Dean, Indiana basketball coach, puts in a plea for more consistency ih officiating . . . And we think he’s right . . . The game with Indiana last Saturday night was loosely officiated and the game with Illinois Monday night was very closely officiated. —^fc— The umpire of Monday night’s encounter was Lyle Clarno who has quite a reputation for his tight officiating , . . Dean believes that his recent loss to Northw'estern is the direct result of an unusual infraction of a technical rule called by the aforementioned Referee Clarno. —fc— After the treatment.of the Indi-ana-Purdue game by Purdue’s great friend, Blaine Patton, and a few others, we expected the Illinois game to be very tightly refereed ... It seems that just as soon as one set of officials are criticized for being too lenient, the next set enter the game with their whistles on their lips ready to go into action at the slightest provocation ... We agree with Everett Dean—there should be be more consistency in officiation . . . But in order to provide a more interesting game to the spectators, the officiating should be of the more lenient variety. —fc— Quite a little bit of hell was raised by the Illini fans after the game Monday ... It seemed that they were very disappointed to find that after traveling one hundred miles they should be forced to witness a stall game ... We feel that it would be very disappointing to us, especially if oiur own team was the victim. . . We were very disappointed earlier this / year to journey the same distance to Champaign to find that the condition of_.the floor and actions of the home fans prohibited our team from playing the brand of ball of which they were capable. —^fc— But, never-the-less, we are of the opinion that the Illini squad was as much at fault Monday night as Pur.due . . . Purdue had an awful lot to lose by playiug into the Illini close defense . . . And Illinois had little
Fieldhouse Open For Rifle Pradice Every Afternoon Riflemen who plan to enter the interfraternity touTnament for rifle marksmen still have an opportunity to practice for this competition. The intramural department announced yesterday that the new rifle ranges in the Fieldhouse will be open from three until six each afternoon. Nearly a hundred students have signed up for riflery, but only a few have been making use of the range.
Intramurals
BASKETBALL —Today— Court 1—Aronson-Igney 7:00—Ward 6 vs. Cary Hall 6 or Ward 2X. 7:16—^Sigma Chi or Kappa Sigma vs. Pi Kappa Alpha or Kappa Delta Rho. 8:26—Phi Delta Theta vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon.
to lose by playing the martyr before the big and tough Purdue squad . ... We feel that the Illini squad was quite content in aiding the Purdue stall which kept Young from hitting his usual scoring stride and kept the Illini from getting defeated too badly. —fc— In spite of the fact that Pick Dehner was out of the lineup in this game we really liked the type of basketball and the way the Illini played the game (before stall) much better than when Dehner and Boudreau were the mainstays of the team . . . We believe that Dehner is one of the best centers that we have ever seen ... And we like the jovial, good-natured spirit with which he plays the game . . . But for the first 11 minutes of Monday night’s game, the rebuilt Illini squad put on a passing and scoring demonstration that was hard to match by the Purdue squad an improved Handlon, who did a fine job of guarding Jewell Young, and the diminutive Frank looked very good to us . . . We’re awfully glad they didn’t hold up . They’ll be tough wjth a few more games under their belt.
Runners Will Establish Records In Initial Two Day Fieldhouse Contest For the first time in the history of the University, fraternity track and field men will be given a chance to show their power in the Interfratemity indoor track and field meet, which will be held on the new indoor track of the Fieldhouse, today and tomorrow, starting at 4:15 o’clock both afternoons. Since this is the first annual meet.
rfii
M:
m
J'or dometki
\(L diitinctlue
Of domemmg^ new an
^{owefdj at no (greater co^t, call C^ladd. ijoa want perfect flowers for
^ai 5432
^Le i^aii
C-lt.
CU JLai Cc
527 fUai
ompanu
Call 5432
Ineligibility Dims Hopes Of Big Ten Net Squads By J. S. Brown With the compilation of last semester’s grades in colleges throughout the Middle West come several sad, sad tales of ineligible athletes, of which the most conspicuous at present are basketball players. Purdue netmen came out remarkably well in the matter of grades as compared to hardwood artists of other Conference schools. Fred Beretta and Johnny Vernon, both sophomores, had some difficulty with history, but by studying during the interim between semesters and taking a makeup they wiped out their condition grades. Illinois Hit Hardest Illinois was hardest hit by that bugbear, ineligibility, with seven men out. Two of the seven were regulars, captain Lou Boudreau, forward, and Pick Dehner, center. Dehner flunked sociology, but is planning to take a makeup, which, if passed, will put him back into competition. Boudreau was declared ineligible when it was found that his mother was receiving $100 a month from the Cleveland Indians. Lou had promised to join the Indians after graduation. The Cleveland Club recently released their claims on Boudreau, and he may be eligible for competition next year. Indiana Loses Regular Indiana’s regular center, James Birr, was lost through scholastic trophies, as were Jack. Stevenson, Lyman Abbott, James Fausch, a!nd Ed Page. Iowa lost Floyd DeHeer, Dick Evans, and Ken Bastian. The ineligibility of Northwestern’s first string guard, Bernie Davis, gave the Purple hopes for a Big Ten victory somewhat of a blow. Davis, a junior, retuTned to school last fall on probation after having been out for a year. Since he was on probation, his failure to make the required average automatically eliminates him from second semester competition.
Aviation Enthusiasts Lieutenant James G. Sliney, exexecutive officer of the United States Naval Reserve Aviation Base Chicago, III., is flying down from his post today to interview seniors interested in aviaton. Seniors desiring to interview Lt. Sliney may make arrangements to do so with Aeronautics Professor K. D. Wood. Sliney will be on the campds today only.
records will be established and posted in the Fieldhouse for each event. The winner of each event will become the undisputed champion in that event for one year, at least, while the fraternity having the greatest number of points in all events will win the championship. Awards Awards will be made to the winning team. The victorious fraternity will receive a large cup while members of the team will be given individual medals. Other awards in the form of pai-ticipation points will be given each fraternity. Fifty points will be given to each fraternity competing four men; 10 points to the winner, and five points to each runner-up. No entry blank will be required but each^ man must sign up at the track before each event is run off. All men are asked to be ready at the appointed time, as the schedule will be followed as cjosely as possible. Chief Clevett requests that all men come early so that there will be no delay. Varsity Men Ineligible All fraternity men who have not [received a letter in track or crosscountry are eligible to participate in the meet. This eligibility list includes' all members of the present freshman squad, freshman numeral men of last year, and members of the varsity trying out for the squad and having not received letters. Not more than two men from each organization will be allowed to enter any event, except the relays, which will reqnire four men. Any man may enter as many events as he desires. The schedule of events for today will be as follows: 60 yard dash-^:15. 60 yard high hurdles—4:30. Broad jumi)—4:16. Shot put—4:15. 880 yard run—5:00. Two mile rim—6:16. Cary Halls Downs Davismen 30-24 In Ward Semirinals Cary Hall 6 handed the House of Davis a 30-24 defeat in ward basketball semifinals last night to win the right to face Ward 6 in tonight’s (Championship game. Both teams went into the game with clear records for the season. Higgins of the House of Davis basketed eleven points for high scoring honoi-s of the,evening, while Childres of Cary Hall and Devaney of the Davismen made five fielders each for ruhnerup honors. Home Ec Ed Broadca$fs Harold Hawes, the first ed to take home economics at the University, was interviewed by John Baker on the Interesting Folks program, broadcast over station WLS, Chicago, 111., last Sunday morning at 10 o’clock. Baker, a WLS staff member, was graduated from the University school of agriculture in in 1930.
The Tops Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER 4th and Ferry Lafayettei
I
I
I
a
THEl^ ,
Wednesday, February 9. '1938
KOKOMO vs. LOGANSPORT
Like Cedric, you too can be saved. Only don't let the damages on your cor catch up with you like this fire has caught Cedric. Have your car checked regularly at— Peter Anderson Co. 24 Hour Service Phone 4048 525 Alabama St.
In picking basketball teams-—You can’t go wrong with Purdue. ■/ / ’ Seniors! Protect your education KENTUCKY vs. MARQUETTE You will also pick a winner When you insure with The Lafayette Life Insurance Company A Mutual Old Line Company
PRINTED STATIONiRY WITH PRIMITIVE CHARM AND MODERN SPARKLE . . . COLORS AS GAY AS THE RHUMBA OR AS SOFT AS A SERENADE. Two-color striped border in bright fiesta hues . . . or a majestic palm design in soft pastel shades . . . smart Threadloom paper in large double sheet size. 50 DOUiLE SHEETS 50 ENVELOPES
With printing on Sheets and Envelopes in smart lettering styles. HAYWOOD'S 5th and Ferry Streets Lafayette, Ind. NOTRE DAME vs. BUTLER
While you’re thinking about which teams will win, drop in for a chop steak and root beer. Bert Triple XXX NORTHWESTERN vs. WISCONSIN
Here’s your chance to show just how much you know about picking Basketball scores., To make this contest even more interesting the EXPONENT is offering prizes of $3.00, $2.00, and $1.00 for the best three entries. Pick and win! Send your entry today. CONTEST RULES 1. Using 5'our ability and any scientific method you may have, estimate the scores of the ten basketball games found in the advertisements on this page. 2. Write in twenty-five words or less, “Why I Think I Should Patronize Local Merchants.” 3. The decision of the judges shall be final. In case of ties duplicate prizes will be awarded. , 4. Entries will be judged on accuracy, originality, and neatness. 5. Contests will be run every week through the Purdue 1938 basketball season. Entries must be in the EXPONENT office by 5 p. m. each Friday. 6. Scores must be on clipping of the contest page, or pages; or a reasonably exact facsimile thereof. 7. Entries will be received only if mailed by Campus Mail, left at the Union D^k, or left at the EXPONENT office. Address all entries to Local Advertising Manager, Purdue Exponent. 8. Results will be announced in the EXPONENT. 9. Members of the EXPONENT Staff, EXPONENT employees, or their families are hot qualified for entry.
LAST WEEK'S PRIZE WINNERS Fii^st Prize—Award of $3.00 J. B. ORTMAN 130 South Grant St., West Lafayette Second Prize—Award of $2.00 J. H. THOMSON ' 690 Waldron St., West Lafayette Third Prize—Award of $1.00 R. A. KETTLE 690 Waldron St., West Lafayette Honorable Mention / K. W. THATCHER O. NEIDLINGER
Smash Hits! In Men^s Suits, Sweaters, Topcoats, Overcoats, Shirts and numerous other accessories. Only the latest styles are to be seen at ILLINOIS . . vs. MINNESOTA .. .
INC In the Village
W atches—Diamonds—Jewelry
MICHIGAN vs. MICHIGAN STATE
You don’t have to BE THERE to present her with a box of delicious Bunte or Schraff’s candy on Valentine’s Day. We wrap and mail candy free of charge anywhere within 150 miles. A complete line of cards may also be found in the front at
PURDUE vs. OHIO STATE
SOUTHWORTH’S West Lafayette y
We will wrap and shipfree of cliarge-6D0 boxes of WHITMAN'S FINE CANDIES in the firs! zone H.G.(Dea()Reisner Bookstore JEFF (Lafayette) vs. CRAWFORDSVILLE Everything for a College Education
rd
oLunck
420 Main Street
CHICAGO vs. IOWA
We have the hat in which you will look your beet and at a price that is worth investigating. Lee Hats—$3.95 to $10.00 CHICAGO vs. WISCONSIN -500 MAIN ST. ■ CLOTHES SHOP INC