-f * ^
t I * / ,,
I' , Published Daily By Students Of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, FEBRUARY 6,'1936
NUMBER 87
Senior Co-eds Will Hear Dr. E.K. Straus Hygienic, Psychological Speakers Will Address Marital Lectures Dr. Elizabeth Kales Sfeausy jo’aoticing psychiateist and; idiysician in ‘GKicagd, will deliver the first of a Reties of marital lectures for all senior ' women February 11, at 7 o’clock in the < women’s lounge of ■ the Memorial Union Building. Dr. Straus has appeared on tho Purdue campus as a lecturer several titties, haying spoken to both the senior ttieh and the senior women. Her topic this year is “The Physical
Aspect of Marriage”;
; On Tuesday, February 18, W. S. G. A., who is sponsoring the lectures for co-eds, will. present Dr. Lucia Towers, on the subject “The Hygiene of Married Life”. The speaker , bn Tuesday, February 26, will be Dr. Mary Morgan Lee, and her topic is to be “The Psychological Aspect of Married
Life’\ . Final Talk In March
The fourth and final of the series will be given the first week in March. Definite plans concerning the lecturer have not been formulated, but it is expected that the lecturer will be a man physician from Chicago who will discuss niarriage from a man’s point of view. As in the past, all of this year’s lectures will be held in the women’s lounge of the Memorial Union Building at 7 o’clock. Only senior women will be admitted.
WSGA Calls For Candidates Any co-ed interested in holding a W. S. G. A. office next year should hand in her name to Helen Hall by 4 o’clock Wednesday, February "12. These names will be considered by a nominating committee. A committee composed of executive board members has been working to rer vise the ttominatihg Committee and this change wiU "be presented bjr the exectttiye board to the co^eds at the masi meeting Wednesday,
'February.;,12,,
LLTayli
J; Lowell Taylor, freshman student in the schoOl of science, fell early yesterday morning in front of the Chemistry Building fractur ing his back. The transverse processes of the first and second lumbar . vertabrae were fractured. When contacted last night. Dr. Miller, ef the student health service, reported that Taylor’s condition was not serious, but that he will be confined for some time. He was taken to • the Home hospital in the Bradshaw
ambulance.
It was erroneously stated in yesr . terday’s Exponent that E. K. Lown . fractured his collar bone when he fell on ice in front of Jefferson gymnasium. His collar bone was broken when a Purdue player crashed into him where he was sitting in the front row of the bleachers at the north end of the gymnasium during Monday night’s game. He reported to the St. Elizabeth hospital where he Was given first aid and later released.
TonioTrow First EiMploynnent Le^ ture Will Be Given iri Eliza F'owler HaU Dr. Elliott C. Elliott will speak at the initial employment lecture of the year in Eliza Fowler Hall tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock. Speaking on the topic “Friendly Breaks”, Dr. Elliott will empha^ size the importance of the cultivation of friendships which are so important to the graduate just go-
ing into the world.
This is the first of a series of lectures, which have been prepared by a joint committee of students and faculty members composed of the following: (faculty members) Professor Hockema, chairman, Dr. O’Shea,'' Dr. Walters, Dr. DeKay, and Professor Freeman; (student members) Virginia Gobble, Helen Hall, Jeanette Scudder, Joyce Williams, R. C. Fuller, % J, Hartnett, H. V, Heuser and J. N. McConhell, Among the outsta.nding speakers 'to be presented are David E, Ross, W. R. Allen, director of personnel, L. S. Ayres & Co., Indianapolis, M. E. Coyle, president of the Chevrolet Motor Company, Detroit, Michigan, and Dr, Lillian Gilbreth.
Beauty Ballot (Uae pencil; inlc blots) . (signature) ^ following four co-eds to appear in the Chicago Sunday Tribune feature section of beauties. - * i . (Order of listing is immaterial) 1. ... . 2. .... (Return to Purdue Exponent. Only students are eligible ;to vote.)'':';;,
She ^^Swfnss
Ballots for ;:the Beauty Contest; may be turned in at the Exponent box at the Union desk; mailed to the Exponent, Box 225, Lafayette;
or deposited in any of the yarious campus mail boXes. Ballots placed in the campus inail must be enclosed in envelopes addressed t(^ the Exponent Beauty Contest,
Mars Theatre To Show ‘^Midsummer Night’s Dream” “Midsummer Night’s Dream”, Warner B^’others’ newest popular production, will be showtt at the Mars theatre Friday and Saturday of next week. Tickets for reserved seats will be on sale in the Union from 4 to 6 p. m. On Friday, ticket sales will begin ftt the box office of the Mars. Prices range from 65 cents to $1.80. The picture, brought here through the effort of the Little Theatre group. Will be the only full length showing to be made in this vicinity.
Prof. G. E. Jolnison To Revue Plays ■ , Prof. Gertrude E. Johnson, of the University of Wisconsin speech department, one of the most outstanding authorities on interpretive reading in the country, will give a revue of plays now on Broadway before a meeting of the Purdue Women’s club tomorrow afternoon at 2:30 o’clock, in the Memorial Union ballroom. Included among the plays to be revued will be: Dead /End, First Lady, Victoria Regina, Boy Meets Girl, Winter Set and Ethan Frome. Porgy and Bess, Jumbo, Jubilee, arid At Home Abroad will be among the musical plays discussed. Professor Johnson has written several books on interpretive reading, one of which has been used here. She travels a great deal giving readings and revues and will go from here to the University of Illinois. Mrs. H. Kenn Carmichael, chairman of the drama section of the club, and Mrs. Hugh McKee, chairman of the literary section, are in charge of tomorrow’s program. Each member of the club may bring one guest.
H, A, Otis To:DiscussLatest Developmentsin Wheel Contours H. A. Otis, car equipment engineer of the Chicago Rapid Transit and Associated Companies, will discuss the latest developriients in wheel contours in electric “L” type cars before student members of A. S. M. E, and the Purdue Railroad club tonight at 7:30 o’clock in rpom 207 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. ' Studies “L” Lines During the past two years Mr. Otis has been studying and experimenting on cars belonging to the North Shore line With the purpose of eliminating truck oscillation and, body swaying on the “L” types. The results of these investigations made with the aid of a high speed motion picture camera, and other special recording; devices, indicated that the solution of the problem lay in the use of cylindrical wheels in place of the standard stdam rail road wheels previously employed; Illinois Graduate Mr. Otis graduated from the University of Illinois in 1912, and has been with the Chicago Rapid Transit Company since that tittie. The meeting will be open to all stu-
dents.
Purdiie Experts
At the I46th meeting of the American Institute of Mining and Metallurgic?il EngineerSj to be held in New York City, February 17 to 21, Professors John L. Bray, M. B. Caruthers, and R. H. Heyer, of the University, will present a paper on ttietallography entitled, “The .Coefficient of Equiyaience of Iron with Respect to Aluminum in Bronze”.
Rita O’Haver, featured yocaUst with Bill Hogan and his Hollywood Galifornians who ■will play for the Men’s Interfraternity Dance here Friday night;
Drive Starts Six Organizations Will Benefit From Annual
Campaign .
Lafayette’s Community Fund Mm &as .been lamped this year with six philanthropic organizations coming under one head. These groups, the Boy Scouts,' the Flower Mission, the Girl Scouts, the Salvation Arttiy, the Y. M. C. A. and the Y, W. C. A., submit their budgets to committees of the Community
y€de Students Enter Cooler To Get Warmer Twelve members of the Yale Outing Club Were neither dismayed nor insulted when they were forced to spend the night in jail at ‘Woodstock, Vt, . The gentleman from old Eli, according to att article in the Dartmouth, were even pleased at being allowed to remiain incarcerated. When the party found accommodations in the little town filled to capacity they “repaired to the village cooler to get warmer.”
Amherst students Will be allowed unlimited cuts in the future.
John W, Wheeler Will
Speaking on “Engineering and Commercial Expense,” John W Wheeler, C. E., ’16, will address an open meeting of the student chapter of the American Society of Civil Engineers at 7:30 tonight in room 201 of the Civil Engineering Building. Wheeler is president of the Indiana section of the A. S. C. E, and is a member of . the Indiana State Highway Commission. While attepding school here at the University, he was an active participant in activities and an outstanding student leader. He ha^ served in various engineering capacities, as inspector for the Portland Cement Company, as a Captain in the ninth engineers regittient of the U. S. Army in the World War.
Fund. If these budgets are approved, they are presented to the board of directors of the Community Fund for action. This group directs solicitation of contributions In previous years each organization worked independently necessitating six campaigns for money to carry out charitable work. Under the new plan citizens will be ap proached only once and they are urged to contribute as much as possible to help: meet the figure approved by the board of directors. Dr. T. F. Williams, pastor of the Trinity M. E. church, is general Campaign chairman- The board consists of prominent to'wnspeople and persons connected with the University including Frank C. Hockema, David E. Ross, Mrs. Ben H. Petty,
and Mrs. A. A. Potter.
Prom, week Vonng February 13 Must Submit Petitioiis By Saturday ; Elections for Prpitt cbttunitiee and for Gala Woek ebnunittee fWiB be hbld in the Memorial ■UnicHr Building Thursday, February 13, according to a decision by S. R. Wirth and J; W; Townsend, cb^ chairman of the elections cottunittee of the Student Senate, last
'night.- ^
Any member of the junior class desMng to become a candidate for PrOm committee Or any senior de--siring to become a candidate for Gala Week cpmmittee must submit, a petition ti^ed by twenty-five co-classmen/ and accompanied by a one-rdollar deposit at the office of the Senate between 4 and 5 o’clock this Saturday aftemdon. EligibiHty ' To be eligible for either conuhit^ tee a student must have no outstanding “C” or “D” grades’ from the preceding semester. Open canvassings—electioneering in the Union building On the day of the election or distributiott of sample ballots—is prohibited. Any candidate found ineligible Will - automatically forfeit his one-dollar deposit to the
Senate.
Members of the elections committee will receive the I petitions, check up on the eligibility of the candidate, have the election ballots printed, and be in charge of the polls on the day of election. Any unexpected difficulty arising will be acted upon by the committee.
President Elliott Gives Reasons
For Auto
To Senate
Irwin To Expose
“Tainted Truth”, a frank expose of propaganda, will be the subject of 'Will Irwin’s lecture at the University convocation Tuesday at 8 o’clock in Eliza Fowler Hall. Irwin is a versatile writer and speaker, his experience in writing almost every sort of literary composition known having developed in him the faculty of going right to the heart of things. He combines the narrative powers of the true reporter with the logic, mentality and philosophy of the trained editorial writ--er. He is also well known for his articles on gangsters and gangsterism, and has done considerable research on this problem. He presents a comprehensive view bf the subject in an educational and convincing manner.
By R- P. Manion. “Any plan of Self-government among students has grievous lim--itations,” President E. C. Elliott stated last night to the Student Senate in explaining reasons »for the adoption by the University of regulations restricting campus driving. Lack of permanence and want of continuity of policy caused by the passing Out of the leaders and their replacement by neophytes he gave as the bonds most restricting the effectiveness of student government. The occasion was the first meeting of the senate for the current semester, in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building. The new automobile regulation has been established. President Elliott said, because it is believed to be the best which can be formbd, without incurring great expense, for the preservation of campus safety. F. M. Krenal, one of the nation’s fqremost public safety specialists, has agreed 'with President Elliott that the plan being followed of excluding automobile from main campus drives is the safest plan that can be adopted. Other colleges and universities throughout the middle west have made similar traffic rules. Following the talk by President Elliott, Prank Stone, president of the Senate, stated that he was cer-
tain that, if the auto regulation had been discussed by a member of the executive committee before the almost unanimous vote of the Senate against it, an entirely different result would have been obtained. Various members of the Senate admitted that they now looked upon campus driving as an entirely different situation.
Roll Call
The regular roll call was read by Jean Adkins, substitute secretary, at the opening of the Senate meeting, apd the new freshman members were introduced. A^ decisive vote was made against “open tickets” for Prom and Gala Week comniittees on the grounds that the elections would go to the persons having the most money and that too niuch power would be given to the Exponent. President Stone appointed a committee to act upon “point eligibility”, the basing of eligibility for election to the committees on a fixed scholastic index, consisting of Hope Rei^ner, chairman, G.W. Martin and R. B. Ellsworth. W. R. Abbott, chairman, W. W. Gleriny and K. E. Gardner were njEtmed on a committee for iavestigating unsportsman-like attitude of students at athletic events. The next meeting of the Senate will be held 'Tuesday at 7:30 o’clock in the Union Building.
Todd Rollins.Will
Play:For Mixer
Todd Rollins, 24 year old maestro and his band will play for the mixer in the Memorial Union Building Saturday night. The orchestra, which has remained intact for the past three years, has during that time played at the Coral Gables Country club, Florida; the Villa Venice, Chicago; the Flamingo club, Miami Beach; Showboat on Long Island; Texas Guinan’s Don Juan club, and more recently with George Jessel’s revue. Recordings have been made by this outfit for Bruns'wick, Perfect and Columbia, and it has broadcast over both the National and Columbia Broadcasting Systems. College engagements include Yale, Vassar, Columbia, Princeton, Cornell and many others. The band features musical novelties, various glee club arrange-
ments, and entertainers.
Elect Frosh.: WSGA Representatives Next: W ednesday Elections for freshman representatives in W. S. G. A. will take place Wednesday, February 12, at the mass meeting of the organization. Any co-ed interested in running for this office must turn in a petition using this form: “ly the undersigned, nominate ‘Nominees Name’ as freshman representative on the executive board of W. S. G. A.”, followed first by the signature of the petitioner and then by the names of twenty-five freshman women. Petitions must be in the W. S. G. A. office not later than 6 o’clock, on February 9.
$1,500 Microscope On Display In Coulter Mall A 62 year old British microscope worth $1,500 is on display on the first floor inside the main entrance of Stanley Coulter Hall. It has a large group of lenses and accessories but appears a bit unwieldy in contrast with the small, accurate and efficient microscopes used by
the students now.
Dean Enders explained to a group of students yesterday gathered around the display case that it was once in the earlier days of I^due the customi for the instructor to focus that same microscope oh the object to be studied and then to have the class file h? ^th tisieir hands behind their backs to peer
into the instrument.
Dean Enders Uses Unique Computator Of Own Invention Constructed from a round candy, can, a radio dial, automobile celluloid, a curtain rod, and parts of a Meccano set is the ingenious computator invented by Dean Enders for figuring semester grades in Biology. The Dean built this machine in 1930 and has used it each semester since,. The apparatus which resembles' an old tsrpe phonograph with a revolving cylinder, has about 4,000 possible combinations of figures but Dean Enders says that some of the students’ grades “strain the machine”. The computator is easy to operate; Lab, test, and class averages for the semester are add^ togetiier, a slide on the mi^chitte set 'to this number and the total average read directly from a diaL The operator then spins the cylinder nntfil the final examination grades is derectly below the slide pomter^ and again the semester grade is read directly by means of another point-
er.
STUDENT JOBS
Students desiring odd jobs during the current semester should fill out work cardb in the dean of men’s oflfice as soon as possible. GOLDSMITH.
M I( a i f.,
■r'>' !«<'='
'm.
pnrbue Cxpon Founded in 1883
- 1986-1986 ^
Distributor of COLLEGIATE DIGEST
Mwnber of National College Press Association, Big Ten Edit Exclusively Reprasehted by National Advertising Ser 420 Ms^sdn Ayenuis; New York Citt
orial Associatioh vice, Inc.
Entered 'as second class matter at the post office, L^ayette, ihtlll, $8.50 per year; delivered by imrrier, $2.50 pet yeaf by «
ihdiane, Dellvete ingle copy, 2 cents.
MfilN OFFlGE--rS12 Horth Fifth Stn^ Business Phone 6088"
EditptlM 6087^
Daily Studeirt Publicatiim of Purdue:
BditoMn-Chief.™ Hanagiag Editor^ Associate Editors^ Sporte Editor-
^SDITOKIAL STAFF
•Ja. Y. ileiuser ..G. H. GnnipbdH
•iA, Mi ChaOtieeii, G. M. Hardin,i;
W. T. Hunt, E. H. Morris, M. G. Walthor
.Jf. E. Hays
Associate SpoHs Editors. Sophomore Assistants.
..p. P. Mull, Ri a Walppld; L. D. mod
K. A. Barnette; JF. E. Brock, K. P Cribb. A. H. Forster, C. Harper, Jr., M. 4£iohr, R P. Manion, D. M, Meachain, 0. L. Sadler
G. Fi Roqueinore, B. G. Schenck, J. L. yOnHarz
Bold and Black Editor.-..,..... ..--...:....-.....,........R- Abbott
Business Manager.. Advertising Manager.. Advertising Assistants.. Girculation Manager.. Otrcnlation Assistants:: Associate Editors.. Advertising Manager..
BUSINESS STAFF
—W. A. Koch
-.H. F. Antonini -i* H. Brown, R. Creek, D. ; C. Miller
.R. J. Hulse
- j. G. GirarA' G. R. Shiolds -jaelen Creecb, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann ' ...Josephine Perkins
Editor...-'. Associate Editors.. Advertising Manager..
■WOMEN’S STAFF, . - ..... - Joyce Williams -Helen Creech, Edna Hutson, Ellen Mann -Josephine Perkins
Wednesday, February 5,1936.
Issue Editor—J. L.' von Harz.
Depression-^Killers
try in our present economic scheme is illustrated by the figures issued by the Automobile Manufacturers’ Association for 1936. Twenty-six million motor vehicles were registered in the United States during the year which is 71 per cent of the total number of cars in the whole world. Undoubtedly we^are a motor-minded nation. The users of these motor cars paid a total of $1,288,000,000 in taxes, of which $804,500,000 were gasoline taxes, federal, state and municipal. Motor users pay 13 per cent of all taxes from all sources—which is a heavy burden for a single class of not necessarily wealthy property owners,' ... Last year the industry turned out 4,160,000 new cars, a 45 per cent increase over 1934, and the wholesale value of which was more than two billion dollars. In addition to this contribution to employment and business, motor owners consumed $800,000 worth of replacement tires, parts, accessories, and service equipment, and more than three billion dollars worth of gasoline. The industry is the largest purchaser of gasoline, lubricating oil, rubber, steel, malleable iron, mohair, upholstery leather, plate glass, nickel, aluminum, zinc, tin, and copper. Last year 3,422,000 carloads of automotive freight was shipped over railroads. Obviously any attempt to over tax this industry, merely because of its hugeness, would be a mistake, since it would adversely aifect so many other affiliated lines. The automobile is a necessity in American life, and increasing the tax burden of the individual car owner likewise is unfair. —E. H. M. . .
A scientist says it is the lower part of the face, not the eyes, that give away one’s thoughts. Especially when one opens the lower part of the face.—^Arkansas Gazette.
WITH OTHER EDITORS
The Hangover Generation (University of Washington Baily)
There was nothing left: science and the war smashed all of the old beliefs and the old hopes and ideals. The philosophers denied immortality; the materialists repudiated Christianity. The war destroyed the hope of world peace and brotherhood; and it became sound patriotism to hate any country but our own. The psychologists said men were playthings of heredity and environment. The scientists denied free will. And denied a purpose to living; man was another animal wandering piteously in a chaoticmechanistic world. Prohibition, and tax-fixing, and unprosecuted chicanery of large corporations taught disrespect of law. The irioralists denied progress, for though technology brought longer bridges and whiter refrigerators and louder radios, men were no happier; instead bigger and better machinery seemed only to produce unemployment. The communists taught that democratic elections were useless and too slow. The reactionaries said democracy and free speech were ineffective and recommended suppression and head-bashing. Men said to hell with it; forget ethics; every man for himself and “the devil take the hindmost”. Survival of the fittest was the creed in politics and business, where reality caught up with them, and the stock market crashed. * Crescendo And Crash But inostly it was the war that did it. Animalism and bigger thrills became the goal: the jazz grew louder and hotter, the skirts grew shorter, the jokes grew broader and frqnker, and dirtier; the cars grew speedier; the din grew louder, the speculation grew frantic; the patriotism arid armaments chase grew hectic; business profits and moral depravity (the psychologists said love was simply an exictation of the nerves, and Freud made everyone sexconscious) grew every minutethrill chasing—grew and grew, rose and soared, and shrieked into crescendo; then everything crashed. Cold ashes. That was what happened. The philosophy of the time was not to give a damn; forget sentiriientalism because it lead only to headaches. The Noel Cowards and the Ernest Heming-r-ways said: “Life is a mockery ; to hell with it. And pour me another drink.” I do not mean that it was everywhere like this; yet defeatism and_^moral freedom and cynicism and self-interest were the dominant notes of the era. The critics called it the postwar Lost Generation. Now each generation must find refuge in something; and the Lost. Generation found its satisfactiori in destructiori, in going on a wild drunk—an idol-smashing drurik. Clairvoyance is the art of pretending you know what peor pie are thinking of when really they are not thinkirig of anyithing at all—Daily Bruin.
The first Guest Contribution Column by aspiring Juniors (man & beast) will appear tomorow, sans names so— Dugan and Barnette are on the outs, AGAIN. WeVe publicized after each previous break; Ijtrt avait^he can’t seehi to do any better. What a woman needs, according to the Ohio State hantern: v tip to the age of 14—good health arid good parents. Prom 14 to 40-—good looks. Prom 40 to 60-^personality. Prom 60 on-?-reash|
“Inexperienced as I am—” —Safe ConductNo wiser thing Was ever said: . “Lose your heart, But keep your head!” -^:Jo-ed contrib. A riot ensued in an eastern sorority when one of the girls received the following notice from the library: ^‘Glynn—‘The Child’ is overdue. Please return or renew.” A rival of “lihp & Uib” sent in this sour bit . . .“I feel like a feather in Debris.” “Kissy” Phelps has a bit of heart trouble and is taking capsules to subdue a highly emotional nature. Evidently he doesn’t like the nickname.
Fred Waring CMs Famaus College Glee Clubs ^^TheT&p’^ ■ (CBS News Service) The nation’s famous college glee clubs which, in the opinion of that irrepressible collegian Pred Waring, are “the top” of amateur musicianship, are being presented by the Columbia network in a special series from representative campuses. Seven concerts by prominent glee clubs of both co-ed and women’s colleges have been scheduled by CBS within the next three weeks with others to be added. “I’d rather listen to a glee club than anything else I can think of,” said Waring, director of the famous Pennsylvanians and one who has done much to popularize the glee club on the air. People Like To Sing “There’s nothing more expressive than a gang of fellows letting loose with exhuberance and comradeship. Even the well-worn ‘Sweet Adeline’ sung spontaneously without rehearsal sounds good to me. Everybody loves to sing—anybody (at least, almost anybody) can sing—and college days are a fine time to develop a love for singing and some knowl edge of the art of harmonizing. “I think college glee clubs, when well-directed and enthusiastic, are the top in amateur musicianship today. I believe all of them should make an effort to develop a greater repertoire, encourage arrangers and original ideas within their own ranks. In the past, some college glee clubs haven’t been progressive enough, but I hope that if they are put. on the air regularly this will create a wide public interest which will give them just the encouragement they need. Schedule Glee clubs to be, heard on the Columbia network during the next three weeks include the following Thursday^ Peb. 6, 1-1:16 p. m.Bucknell University Glee Club. . Saturday, Peb. 8, 4-4:16 p. m.Princeton University Glee Club. Saturday, Peb. 16, 12-12:16 p. m. —Beaver College Girls’ Glee Club. Saturday, Peb. 16, 4:30-6:00 p m,—Ohio State Glee Club ajtid band,
CHI OMEGA, WARD 2 WIN VOLLEYBALL GAMES Big scores were the order of the day when Ward 2 defeated Alpha Xi Delta, 42 to 16, in the co-ed intramural volleyball tournament yesterday in the Women's Gym. Other victories included the Chi Omega’s ovey the Alpha Chi Omega’s, 38 to 12, while Pi Beta Phi defeated W. R. H., 26 to 16, and Ward 4 won over Ward 1, 26 to 21.
Of interest to those who have also suffered.
The following are thumb-nail sketches of difficult and embarassing situations which might have happened to me—or to you:
‘‘Donhld Goulds room please; ond; twenty-three, thank you; yes, just a couple of minutes; I’ll not excite him. . , . Hi, Don, here I ani again.: You’re looking better today-^feel pretty comfortable ? Oh, I’m sorry; but these things are slow about clearing up. You hnow-ah—pretty flowers; who sent them ? She; did? She’s certainly been good to you. Eh-er—it’s a pretty: view from this: window; can you see that park over there ? No, don’t try to sit up. Does it hurt you to talk ? Well, don’t do it any more than you have to—er—t I’ve got to run along now. Eh—I’ll see you at about the same time tomdrow. No, don’t try to say anything, Don. See you tomorrow, kid. ^ . . Hello, doctor; yes, I just saw him. Not through the night, eh? How avittul, but I guessed as much; he looks awfully low.”
“Sure, John, go ahead; I’ll take care of him. There’s quite a crowd here but I think I know most of them. Come on. I’ll introduce you around a bit. Er—I’m sorry, I didn’t quite get your name when John introduced us—eh, Yovinofunetis—no? Well, say that’s an unusual name, don’t believe I’ve ever heard it before. Yovanofonetis—-like in phone, eh? Say, Davie, I’d like you to meet John’s friend from- New York. Mr. Davidson, Mr, -er-eh, Yofinivos; say I’m terribly sorry, Yovanofonetis. I’ll get that sooner or later, I guess. Apd this is Miss Spaulding, Mr. Yumfomotis, er— fermentus—eh, say, I’m really sorry. Have you seen John’s s-wim-ming pool? It’s way down at the bottom of the garden, but quite worth the long walk.””
“Are there two in there? Thank you. Pardon us if you please. Oh, I’m sorry, just my big feet. Here we are, dear; I guess these are all right, a little far back but that’s better than being in the first row. ... Don’t talk so loud, everyone’s looking at us. What do you mean, you can’t find your glasses ? My God, look again. All right, we’ll go up front where you can see. Pardon us again; I’m sorry—oh, ypur umbrella. I’ll get it for you, madame. Yes, I’m moving as fast as I can. Well, I hope we can find something further down. What do you mean, your gloves? In the seat? Well, I’ll be damned. Yes, of course I’ll get them for you. EXCUSE ME PLEASE!”
“State six two-hundred, please. No, six two-hundred—yes, that’s right. Hello, Dick. Say, wben ’n hell are you ever in? I’ve called you a dozen times if I’ve called you once—^you know I’ve got something better to do than sit home an’ try to get you all day. I’m damned if you’re worth it, What? Say, isn’t this State six two-hundred ? Oh, I beg your pardon.”
“Your coat? Why, I’m sure you must be mistaken—if it’s not mine it certainly is one just like it. Say, I guess it is yours, these aren’t my cigarettes in the pocket. Well, that is a coincidence. I just picked up the wrong one. I’ll show you how similar they are. Mine must be right here on the hanger; why, it isn’t there. Someone must have taken it—oh, by goUy, I just recall that I didn’t wear one. How stupid of me; I’m so sorry to have made the mistake. Say, you don’t think I was trying to steal yours, do you? Honestly, I just Clean forgot that I came without one.”
.^^An.Invitliig Trance Studio We offer you one of the finest dancing school in Indiana. It makes ; instruction a greater pleasure than yon realized. New Beginners’ Class In Social Dancing for Adults Opens Wed., Peb. 12, 7:30 P« m. New advanced class Feb. 14 AMMWS 6th & Ferry
i
\ I .
Like Friday evening, before the inter-
want to enjoy an unusual dinner. (The Chestnut Room is serving special $1.00 arid “7$c dinners for Intier-ftaterhity dancers Fi'iday night.) • For Sunday supper^ where a change In food and dining surroundings will be a real pleasure. ^ Whenever you want the best and whenever you want to entertain nicely. • In fact, most anytime.
i
on the Main Floor of the - - : Purdue Memorial Uuioii . 8 - - ■ ■ ‘jThe Corner of the Campus^ Yet the Center of College Activities’*
f 5* f (
UNIYERSITY CALENDAR
Today Horticultural Society, Hort, Bldg., room 202, 7:00-9:00 p. m* / A. S. C. E. meeting, Civil Engineering Building, room 201, 7:009:00 p. m. A. S. M. E. meeting, Mechanical Engineering Building, room 207, 7:00-10:00 p. m. Motion picture and lecture. Tomorrow Winter Course Society meeting, Ag. Building, assembly room, 6:009:00 p. m. Discussion Forum, rooms 1 and 2, Union Building. Subject: Comparative Religion, Friday Interfraternity Balk Memorial
ARC
LAST TIMES TODAY JOHNNY WEISSMULLER MAURINE O’SULLIVAN '. ■' ■■ ■ In' ' “Tarzan and His Mate” also JAMES OLIVER CURWOOD’S “Red Blood of Courage”
LAST TIMES 'TODAY
THURSDAY ONLY Jack Holt ; in ' . ■ “Dangerous Waters”
LAST DAY
DOUBLE FEATURE
Edmund Lowe In ■ “King'Solomon off Broadway” ■ ■■ ■ . and . ■ . James Dunn . ■ ■ . . In “BAB BOY” .
Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday
Ken Maynard
in
“Western Courage’
LAST TIMES TODAY-
Itina D,awg.y'PazgiSwg Sanaritagil'
Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday Double Feature “Charlie Chan’s Becret” and Edw. Everett Horton ■ 'In “Her Master’s Voice
■-3
Union ballroom, 9:00-1:00 a. m. Cosmopolitan Club, informal dance. Union Building, faculty lounge, 8 p. m. Saturday Basketball—Purdue at Iowa. Phi Kappa Psi informal dance, chapter house, 9:00-12:00.ilii
MmujOI Sute Of StnkentsihGoldimGlov^ Btiuti . v’' ’ (L. D. Wood.) Tonight thirteen bolters; representing, the best in the pniversity, will compete with the preliminary winners in the semi-final rounds of the town Ctolden Gloves boxing tournament to be held at the Lafayette Armory. In an interview yesterday Coach Maxwell stated that he was quite confident his Boilermaker proteges would more than make a good showing in their bouts. He stated that all of his men were in good condition and that any of them were capable of winning in their respective weight classes' if they didn’t let the crowd and their opponents’ experience give them stage
fright.
:linprdvemeiit Shb^U:.: ^ These thirteen iheri the leather for tonight’s fray Wre ^psen after a ;senes of Tteliinihary b^te rim off Pyihnasium earlier ih Those #ho were ;interested enough te drop over ;for'these'^fi can attest to the great improyemerit the boys have shewn since they first began fighting under Max-; well’s tutelage. While the University eliminations were being held, the town tourhey was started under way and their bouts have progressed to the semi- , final stage. This is the first year that tw'o separate tournaments have been held. In past years those from the University who wished - to take part in these contests simply signed up and were entered as a regular contestant without the backing of the school. However, this year school officials and the regular tourney; officials got together and decided to hold the two tourneys, the winners at Purdue being placed in the semi-final bracket Of the town meet. ’Those Entered ‘ ■ Markey is the only Boilermaker entrant iii the 112 pound class and Steelman is the sole representative in; the illS pound division, itn the 126 pound weight Mann and Byrne will wear the Purdue colors; Long and Dix are entered in the 135 pound Class; Louis .and Giles in the 147 pound division and Bacharach and Giovanni will endeavor tp entertain all opponents who weigh in at 16Cr pounds. Two light-heavieSj Burks and Holland, are entered in the 175 pound class. Record is the only Purdue entrant in the heavyweight division. Besides these thirteen boys who make up the official school team, there are two other men who were eliminated in the earlier tourney who have entered individually in the town meet. These men. Lidguard at 147 pounds, and Kimmel at 160, will represent the school unofficially. Students who are lovers of the manly art and who, at the same time would like to give the University athletes a little moral support, are urged to attend these bouts tonight. Plenty of action and excitement will be bought with the purchase price, and there are thirteen men in this tourney who are resolved to make a good showing for themselves and tbus for the school. . Much Ahead Winners of this local tournament will be sent to the matches at Chicago. Each winner of his weight class will be awarded a handsome jacket. At Chicago the contestants will be cut down to two in each weight class and these will go on to New York for the national finals. According to a statement by Coach Maxwell, these finalists will be taken to England some time next summer to meet ^^ateUrS, Word has it that tickets for the fracas tonight are becoming /scarce but that a few are still on hand at Zipp’s Cigar Stand, in the Lafayette Life Building and at Rapp & Kleins. Reserved seats can be had for 76 cents and $1.00. All PUrdue contestants are reminded that they must weigh in today some time between 12 noon and 6 p. m. Failure to weigh in be^ fore 6 automatically disqualifies the entrant.
DECK TENNIS FINALS In the second semi-final match in the co-ed deck tennis tournahaent Jeannette Scudder. and Mar^pt Richey defeated. Mildred Fitch and Marjorie Clmrles, 2-6, 6-1, and 6-2. They -will meet in the finals Katherine Dunwoody and M&ry Rose
Harlan.
Netmen WiU Make Two Game Toiir Team To|,piay Iowa On Saturday Night; Minnesota Monday Purdue’s chances , of figuring in the Big Ten basketball champion ship for the third successive year will hang in the balance over the coming week-end as the high-scor-ing Boilermakers take to the road for a pair Of strenuous chcounters* The speedy Boilermakem, ;:wh^^ successes so far this season have been largely due te facing in high gear for the entire forty ntiinutes bC play, will haVe their/i^^ full as tliey''tackle Iowa at Iowa City on Saturday night and Minnesota at Minineapolis on: liigliti Hawkeyte Dangerous The Hawkeyes have always been a thorn in the side of Purdue on the hardwood, particularly at Iowa City, and have made a habit Of popping up When least expected with a triumph over the Boilermakers. The Hawks have been so sue cessful with their so-called “upsets’f that they have been dble to wage an eveher battle in their series with Purdue since the World War than any other Big Ten quintet, In 2i games played since 1919, Purdue has been able to eUrn only a.;slirai 11 to 10 edge. Following the effort to overcome the Iowa City “jinx” on Saturday night, the Boilermakers will con tihue their road jaUnt to Minneapolis where they will tangle Monday night with a Gopher quintet that has provided convincing evidence of its comeback power with its recent victories over Michigan, Ohio State, and Northwestern. Lineup Changes Frequent changes of lineup are expected to be made by Lambert in both tilts in an effort to keep the Boilermaker attack at high speed in order to oVefconie the lack of height. Capt, Bob Kessler, Jewell Young and Johnny Smes are virtually certain to see action as for wards; with Ed Elliott, Carrol Mangas and Jim Seward sharing the pivot duties, and Pat Malaska, Glen Downey, and Austin “Red” Lam bert at the guard posts.
CORRECTION Yesterday's E^onent stated that Bill Shuttleworth would play on® of the leads in the Student Union show, ^^Carmita”. Shuttleteorth goes by the name of Riley instead ojE Bill,
blows with their contemporaries by signing up for the military department boxing show. Eliminations in the .115, 125 and 135 pound Classes begins this afternoon. Each bout will consist of one round lasting one minute. , ^ ^ Tomorrow the 146, 165, 176, nnd heavyweight men will run off their preliminary bouts under the same conditions mentioned above. The second round pf these eliminations is scheduled for next v^eek with the semi-finals and finals to be held at some later date. Two rounds of one minute. each will determine the winners in the finals bracket. All entrants for today’s matches should report to the basement of Memorial Gymnasium at 4 o’clock this afternoon, or as soon after as possible. Winners and runner-ups in each weight division will receive
medals for their ability.
All members of the military department are eligible to enter the competition except those fighters in tlte;CurferitGbldteiGl6vescbmpoter
tion. c
^‘JoeColUch^^ Progresses Progression a la undergraduate Hesitation, trepidation, interrogation, information, investigation, confirmation, jubilation, graduation.
f-’H'; '"lA
Arizona Btete/^ffidef s; Will plhy fU^y during 1956 spnnjg ptia®^teer
Ticket Sales Start Today
The heaviest advance mail order f the season for a single game has already been'received fof Purdue’s next home hardwood tilt with the Nolthwestern cagers in the Jefferson high school gymnasium on Saturday night, February 16, it was announced,last night by C. S. Doan,
managed of ticket sales.
^ In order to give local fans an opportunity to obtain choice seats for the game^ Doan also announced the “over the counter” sale will start today at Decker’s, in Lafayette; Deac’s and SouthWorth’s in' West Lafayette, and at the Purdue ticket office, and will be continued Until
the supply is exhausted.
Sale Started Early
The “over the counter” sale is being started nearly a week early because of the heavy demand by mail order and in recognition of the fact that most local fans purchase their tickets direct rather
than by mail.
Although orders have been received from all over the state for tiie game, the heaviest influx of mail has come from Logansport, the home bf two of the Wildcat
stars.
Serihe JExpktim Tourney Ru1e6 This double eliminaBon system used for intramural baskettmll is all pretty complicated but we’ll try and straighten it out so that at least some of it will be understood. In the first place there will be 8 teams taking place in the final round. These teams will be matched and after their games the four winners will go ahead to finish their part of the tourney while the four losers will meet in another series of games to determine that winner. E^ve Selected At present five teams out of the eight have been selected. They represent the following fraternities: Phi Kappa Psi, Phi Delta Theta,-Pi Kappa Alpha, Delta Chi and Delta
Tau Delta.
Now then things become a little more involved. The winner of the Alpha Kappa Lambda-Theta Tau game will be the siith team in this winner’s bracket. The winner of, the Sigma Alpha Epsilon-Sigma Phi Epsilon game will meet the winner of the Delta Upsilon-Kappa Sigma /gated The ; wi^^ qf ;ti)e game between these two winners will determine tite seventh entry; te ;tiie list of ei^ti The eighth team will be determined by a game be-
m» Delte-AIpha Gamma mnl Phi Sigma Kappa-Sigma Nu , counters. / When these games imm hem played the teams taking part in the double elimination will have hem determined and the final champlona wai he decided by the outcome of 1 ' 4
this tournament.
> ♦ ♦ V V BASKETBALL
Today
Court 1, Serivtior 7:00—Red vs. White. 7:16—^Blue vs. Gray. Court 2, Hutt 7:00—^Brown vs. Black. -7:16—Green vs. Orange.
r ' v|
to finisll one
Each Ford valve requires twenty-five separate opera^ tions from the time work starts on a rough valve until it is ready for use. That is a surprising number of operations for such a simple looking part, but typical of Ford care in manufacturing. The stems of the rough valves first receive two preliminary grinding operations, Then they go through a furnace where the heads are brought to a red heat. Next, automatic fingers place them in a huge machine where a ram strikes the red-hot heads. This operation refines the grain structure in the head, straightens it, and forms the yalve seat. Valves then pass through Othergrinding, machining and
polishing Operations. Each stem is ground fiye times for greater atecuraey and smodthness, inspection gages keep ^ constant checki In spite of this care, each Ford valye is subjeeted to rigid final inspectidn. Amplifying gages check the stem for rouEdness within two tenthousandths of an inch. Simi-* |ar gages check dianieter. Other inspection equipment indicates the slightest “run out” of seat and checks stem end for squareness. Then the valyes go into a constant temperature room^where they are inspected for length. The Ford V- 8 runs like ai fine car because it is built like a fine car. No ear at any price is made to finer precision limitsw
FORD MOTOR COM
NY
Likb
ninsic Vith
';nteial8? vTiiea Bsten to t!te ssiu$p -—- pop of Kellogg’s Richt: Krispii^ when yon potir <mi milk o r ■c;r e.aini. I, Gri sp. -Griajicliy. . And,'flkvor; te as Inviting as their sonnd. Try Kice Krispies for breaMait or Innch. They^ret; extra tempting' when yon ' add fraiit or .honey.^ And for that ;hedtinie .Bna«^ after. im ■ evOming ■ of ^ stmdy or there’s nothing gnite so satisfying as ai -howIM of: these. deKmoaa toasted rice hnhMes. li^t, nonrishimg, easy to digest. They help yon deep. , / At restanrants, hotels and grocers everywhere. Ovohfresh, ready to serve. Made by K^ogg in Battle Greek.
Lisfeitl— get hungry
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADyER'nSERS
Rates $250 sinsle^ $4.00 doMble, twin bedroom $5.00.'
in accommodatioBS for Out'Ojf-Town Quests
man
Oii the Campus, cipse to all that's going ou.
Modern comrons in a modem building. Shower In every rppm, luxurious beds and private
Make reservations at the ,IJnioh Desk or by telephone.
c
p r n e r o f t h e Q ^ s ^
Center of College Activities"
iifc
SClassified Ads.
T1?PEWRITERS ADDING
W. A. A. Orche&tca~Practice tonight at . —HUMPHREYS.' Ceres—'Meeting tonight at 7 in Union, room 1. —McKINNlS.
Buey Long; Chain Gang Scientists Hope To WLW Emolovs Stories Best CoUege ^ limpioys
journalism Of Week
SIS
. . CHINES—For sale, rent, repaired ^ . and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done. C. P. EbershoflP,
605 Main St. Phone 2779.
UiUoni-^AIl freshinhn and spphdto^ meet in oflPiee of Union at 4 toddyi ^ ^ ^ ^ •i^RlMB^:::;ANSl^H/:-EtpaE^ skull and Crescent'^iJeetihg wilL be helditt: :the Union at , 7':8d tonight : i v , , CRAIGl-';,,
Lost—^Man’s gold wrist watch in XJttidtt wash room. Reward. Gall :Craig,. 2352., - ^ For Sale-—Tuxedo suit. Size 42. Cost $85.00 new. Bargain at $6,60. Moore’s Colonial Market. 220 N. 6th Street.
Chamberlain’s Special For This Week-Orange Pudding and Vanilla. Order it—it’s delicious.
Wanted—Student wants roommate. Also board if desired. 432 N, Grant St.
Lost—Elgin wrist watch north of Russell field- Reward. Gall Barnes, 2669.
LOST—E.; & E. Slide Rule No. 468,404. Return to Keith Parr. Phone 35204.
NOTIGES No notices accepted after 8 p. h.
Union Workers—Committees for this semester are: jump—Jewett, Thompson, MoGrane, Thomas, Westefmeier, Scholle, Rush,’ Briggs, ,S. T. Sheetz, McCloud, Teeley, Wyman, Richey, Holtman. ^ Sholer—Claypool, Miller, Barton, Thiel, Colby, Williamson, Scatterday, J. E. Sheete, Core, Cox, Steckel, Mytinger, Frick, Ristow. Pugh—Coulway, Putze, Simonton, Bills, Brown, Cross, Craig, Schaef^, Swardi, • Poor, Martel, Hallam, Spring, Hamilton. Shoemakei>-^tallings, Marshall, C. Mueller, Wantlaiid, Blank, Linville, Evans, Vogal, Chapin, Perkins, Best, Pike, Trueblood; Clark—Wright, Fatout, Seaborg, Eoquemore, Bateman, Schunt, Fitts, Weigant, Wethereld, Ford, McKihsey, Gillespie, Dorothy and Kathryn, MorehouBe. Ohaver—Reid, R. J. Mueller, Kellner, Morrison, Jones, Ganet, Swan, Bowman, Bain, Lyon, Martin, JarTett. Quiggle—Pforzheimer, Gibson, Reith, Herbert, Merlin, Favorite, Brattain, Hess, Roper, Louis, Means, Richards, Amsden, Hammond. Kuehn— Baine, Lyon, Martin, Jarrett, Ford, McKinsey, Gillesme, Dorothy and' Kathryn Morehouse,.^ Perkins, Trneblood. Grimm—' Poor Markel, Hallam, Spring, Hamilton, McCloud, Kelly, Richey, Wynn, Moltman, Best; , Anspach—Louis, Richards, Amsden, Hammond, Cox, Steckel, Mytinger, Fricke, Ristow, Pyke. —FULLER. W. S. G. A.—Executive meeting tonight
at 7:15. —HALL.
DM Wrestling Plans Near Completion . Plans are being cdmpletaly rapidly for the annual intramural wrestling tournament, to be held in the hear future at the Memorial Gyln. The elimination preliras will be conducted on February 26, This tourney is open to any student of Purdue except lettermen. Anyone, no matter how little experience he has had in the “grunt and groan” game, is urged to try out. Those interested should report to the north end) of the gym where Mr. Varley will be ready to give instructions to all comers.
Weight Glasses
As usual the tournament is divided in the weight classes from 116 pounds to the heavyweights, all over 175 pounds, In previous years there have been from five to ten men in each division. The winners in the various classes will receive
handsome trophies.
A large turnout is expected this year as students realize these tourneys are good opportunities to get acquainted, arid who knows, there may be some potential championship material discovered among theese aspiring matmen.
Purdue Flying Ciiib—Meeting at 7 :30 tonight at Acacia House.. —ASIRE.
Purdue Engineer—Meeting of the business staff at 4 today in the Engineer office. Important! —EVANS.
Coaches Note^ 8 Foot Lad To Enter College , (By Associated Collegiate Press) One boy the principal couldn’t lick. He’s Robert Wadlow, 17 years old who had just been graduated from high school in Alton, Illinois. He is going to enter college next fall to study law. We don’t know for sure, but we imagine Robert is being deluged by offers from college basketball coaches right now. For Robert is 8 feet, 4 inches in height and weighs 390 pounds. Bobbie is still growing. Doctors think he may become the tallest man in recorded history. One would think Mr. Wadlow should be able to impress a jury.
TWo excellent piecq^ of journalism got into the college press this last week. One was an interview by Samuel Mintz, University of Wisconsin, with the late Huey Long and the other was an accidental interview with a boy just Off a chuin gang,:by a rep^tOr for the Princeton paper.^ ; Mintz^ story gave an idea of Lphg’S vi^einehdous bustling^; hectic overflowing energy.' Excerpt;; A door flew open, Huey’s head poppedi put. A “cpttie on in boy!” went rumbling down the hall. ^‘I’m a college student”, i. got no further. “I know all'about colleges. I run one”f “What do you think should be taught in college?” Teach Arithmetic—Huey “Arithmetic, 'That’s all. Plain and simple arithmetic. You’ve got to show the boys that there’s something wrong in nine hundred and ninety-nine hawgs being fed on one portion of hawg feed and one hawg being fed on nine hundred and ninety-nine portions of hawg feed‘What you’ve got to do boy is read.” He jumped out of his chair, almost overturning his desk. He elbowed a very pretty secretary Out of his way. “I’ll give you some real literature. Ever hear about the Share the Wealth idea?” ' Suddenly he left me. He rah into an adjoining room. I turned to go. “Where are you going?” Mr. Long was back. “Did you say you were a college student? “We, listen to me: Don’t you grow into a college professor and become a brain-trust-er. Do you hear?” Chain Gangs The Princetonian interview demonstrated that slavedriving conditions still exist in the southern chain gang. “All a fellow had to do was even look cock-eyed at a guard and he’d get the lash,” said the interviewee. “If you’ve ever had a lash with pieces of iron on the end come down on your back you’ll know how it feels.” Shackles, he said, were clamped bn his legs and the rivets smashed with an ii’on hammer.
Pierce Solar Coronet Cambridge, Mass. (AGP)—Set-
ting up their instruments near the Alumill Oil Staff
border of Siberia, American scientists hope soon to pierce the mystery of the solar corona—^tha^^irregular “ocean of flame” extending'millions of miles beyond the surface of the
Tail Beta Pi^—Banquet in Union tomorrow at 6:30. —WOODLING.
All Campus Bowlers—Entry blanks must Be in and 50 cents entry fee must be paid before 4 p. in. in the intramural office today. • ' ' —HAMILTON,
Alpha Phi Omesra—-Bring dues to meeting tonight. —GREENE.
Alpha Phi Omega—Important meeting at 7:30 tonight, room 2, Union. Election of officers. —MYERS.
Scabbard and Blade—Important meeting tonight in Union at 8:16. Plans for dance will be discussed. Be there. —GLENNY.
Purdue ^ Christian Foundation—Cabinet meeting, today in Union at 4. —McINTYRE.
Conservation Club Conducts Program Monday night the West Lafayette Conservation Club presented a motion picture entitled, “The Fur Industry in the United States” in the Michael Golden Shops. The picture was produced by the U. S. department of Geological Survey to impress the importance of fur trade upon the public. , At this meeting plans were discussed for the club’s spring program. One of its projects will be a fish hatchery which it has already approved.
Fraternity Presidents’ Council -— Dinner meeting tomorrow night at 6 at Alpha Gamma Rho house. —McConnell.
Trinity College students are petitioning for the abolition of chapel.
SOWUNG pRlCiS REDUCED Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday from 12 to 6 p. m. and on Sunday after 6 p. in., our bowling prices have been reduced to 15c a line. Lafayeff© Bowling Alleys 220 N. 6th St., near Main
LOOSE-LEAF BOOiCS SHEETS, FOilM-By LAB. COVERS ■ DECI-TRIG. SLIDE RULiS DRAWING INSTRUMENTS . AND DRAWING SUPPLIES WHITE AND YELLOW ■
You Will Save Money On These Items at HAYWOOD’S Retail Store—^5th and Ferry Sts.
sun. Visible only during a total eclipse of the sun, the corona will next put on its show June 19, but already Harvard astronomers have arranged for front row seats. Not Visible Here The eclipse ivill not be visible from the western hemisphere. Starting in the Me^iterraneafl; the 75 miie wide belt bf total darkriess will sweep eastward saCrpss Greece, the Black Sea, Siberia^ Mianchuria and northern Japan. 'The Harvard sciehtists, now busy assembling apparatus near the town of Akbulak, in the southern Ural mountains north of the Caspian sea, hope that studies of the invisible infra-red rays in the spectrum of the corona will solve the mystery; They believe thlat oxygen may be responsible for the appearance of the corona.
County Farmers Discuss Swine - , i Tippecanoe county agricultural workers met in the county agent’s office last Saturday morning to discuss topics in connection with growing thrifty and profitable pigs, under the leadership of John Schwab, of the University animal husbandry department. Schwab emphasized the importance of clean farrowing quarters and the use of a proper ration for sows to secure the best profits. The group also discussed the weight classifications for steers and barrows to be exhibited at the county club in August. Following these discussions, S. B. Pershing, county agent, briefly spoke on soil conservation as pertaining to the .national program.
Andrews, ’33, Aiitkors Article On Paving R, M. Andrews, C. E., ’33, is the author of a four page illustrated article in the January 23 issue of Engineering News, describing the resurfacing of the old concrete pavement between Greenwood and Franklin, Indiana, with a vitrified brick surface. The article describes very forcefully the surmounting of many difficult problems in conditioning the old pavement and securing a satisfactory wearing surface to meet present day requirements for smoothhes and safety. Andrews has been employed by the Indiana State Highway Commission since graduation, and was the project engineer on this particular job, which was completed last fall.
Federal AM For College Flying? Amherst, Mass. (AGP)—There is a distinct possibility of a governnient subsidy for college aviation, in the opinion of W. D. Strohmeier, Amherst senior who made a request appearance before the House Committee on Military Affairs last week. According to information Strohmeier received from Rep. John J. MeSwain (Dem., S. C.), the committee is considering a bill to uatherize the appropriation of federal funds for the encouragement of college flying, and provide for the formation of a junior air reserve corps made up of college fliers. "' trohmeier said he did not. believe the bill intended anything resembling a regimented military organization.
Purdue University is, well represented in the broadcasting departmeat of the Crosley Radio Corporation at Cincinnati, Ohio, with five gi^aduates ^ and, ex-students employed. . ■ John Bailey, who announced programs over the, tlniversity radio station, WBAA, for two years before he was graduated in electrical engineering in 1933, now announces programs for WLW, besides working regularly on the engineering
staff of the station.
: The engineers include Ray Bierman and Bob Booth, who were graduated in electrical ertgineeringia i982 and 1988, rMpectivel^; Durward Kirby and Lem, tSterling, ex-studentsj are both on the announcing staff. Kirby, who recently left WFBM in Indianapolis to join the staff at WLW, received his initial experience in this work
over WBAA in 1933.
U. of Toronto students are taking an unofficial“purity test”, which, by means of a questionnaire, aims to determine their moral status.
SERVICE f^RINTING Ofilee Slatlonerv . Weddlns Inytlsildn* PHONE - Sales Books, EIC. .C , S 6 2'8 CASSEL’S 4081-ERRy
i. ms* , QABOLD J. RISK LUTfiER A. BISK 400 Schults Bidg. Phone $7M jfU _ Comer
'' ''' I ^ ^ ^ * ''I
Satisfy both- your appetite and pocketbook at the MITZI SANDWICH SHOP 213 Vine St. W. Lafayette
DEAC HAS EVERYTHING for a ■COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
13ATH' /, .Watch-Maker ■ 608 Main Street
vPHOTOS Enlargements '25e
ililsfs Stiiii... JUalii
Patronize Exponent Advertisers
..Drink. Milk, for ■ , More Energy CaH JOHNSO PHoee 41332 Unioiv
Milk is your best food-— it’s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-building and energy building.
Students Of Utah State Form Municipality Logan, Utah, (AC)P)—Newest municipality in Utah is “Windbreak City”, organized by Utah State College students who came to school in automobile trailers, removed the wheels, banked the travelling houses against the cold, and settled down for Iffie winter. The citizens Of Windbreak City turned out of their twelve trailers the other day to elect Ivan Theuson of Rexburg, Idaho, mayor, and Leonard Christensen of Los Ange les, California, and Ned Tucker of Fairview, Utah, councilmen.
f] a E sss S.E. gams!
0
0
Get chummy with your pipe. Pack it with'Half & Half. Gool as a girl’s: "'I’m dated for Sunday.” Sweet as her smile: "But I’ll break it iot youV* Fragrant, full-bodied tobacco that won’t bite the tongue—in a tin that won’t bite the fingers. Made by our exclusive modern process including patent No. 1,770,920.Smells good. Makes your pipe welcome anywhere. Tastes good. Your password to pleasure!
Not a bit of bite in the tobacco or the Telescope Tin, which gets smaller and smaller as you use-up the tobacco. No bitten fingers as you reach for a load, oven the last one; .Copyright 1986, The American Tobacco Company
A L F
FOR FlPi OR CieARETtE