i \
I f
r"-t » ' U 4 ^ _ "'■» ' ' n m
Can Indiana Win? / The editol* says they can, unless — ^ Read it on Page 2.
'ponent
Voltime 52f jNo. 62
West Loiayette* Indiosia
Wednesday. November 20. 1010
Greeks Ask Aid From U.S., Britain Greece Needs Airplanes; Reuters Reports Koritza Under Greek Control By LELAND'STOWE SPECIAL RADIO To the Chicago Dally News Foreign Service. iCogyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Athens, Nov. 19. — With their troops around Koritza bombed and machine-gunned by nearly 400 Italian warplanes and with scarcely a single aircraft available with which to prevent serious carnage on that front, Greece today appealed to the British and American publics for the swiftest possible aerial aid to save this country from Finland’s fate while there is still time. (Reuters, British news agency, in a dispatch from Belgrade said Koritza fell to the Greek troops at 1 a. m. today. In Athens Greek sources made no immediate claim of capturing the strategic city, the Associated Press said.) The ^appeal followed dramatically upon the wholesale intervention of Fascist bombers over the week end in a desperate attempt to cut the Greek Army’s advance to pieces before Koritza could fall into its hands. Airplanes Are‘Vital Need Addressing British and American journalists this noon, Greek Minister of the Press Nicoludis asked the Anglo-American and the world press to urge that “aerial aid come to us from all sides and as soon as possible.” He concluded: “Our appeal consists 'of one word—airplanes, airplanes, airplanes ” This is perhaps the most realistic initiative that the Greek government has taken since the Italian invasion began 23 days ago. It shows that the Greek authorities have suddenly awakened to the great danger of public opinion, both at home and abroad, being lulled into a sense of extremely false security as a result of the^first stirring victories of the Greeks. Warns Against Over-Optimism The minister warned that people (Continued on page 4) Camera Club To Receive Prints Tonighf At Meeting For the purpose of returning the prints from the, photography exhibit that was recently held in the Union, all Camera Club members will meet tonight at 7:30 in room 203 of the Union. This year, for the first time, the exhibit committee took notes during the judging of the prints, and will be able to give the owners some of the judge’s comments on their particular prints. e.w.n. BEAT INDIANA!
Today's War News Digest
Chicago Daily News Foreign.. Service Copyright, 1940. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Using dive bombers to harass the Greeks, and i^hting fiercely to keep open their line of retrfeat, the Italians were retiring from the Koritza area today. Athens failed to confirm a British news agency dispatch that Koritza had fallen at 1 a. m.
Greece’s present situation is comparable to that of Finland in the war with Russia a year ago,'says an official appeal from Athens addressed to the free nations of the world asking for the greatest possible aid, especially planes.
“It has been seriously suggested hereabouts,’^ cables Robert J. Casey from London, “that the United States lease a lot of Irish ports as naval bases, thus ending whatever peevishness exists between England ap;d Eire and possibly giving America a closeup of the war,”
Plans for the first year “after the war” are taking shape in Berlin, in the form of a housing program embracing 300,000 new dwellings, radios David M. Niehols "from the German capital.
Ten British merchant ships totaling 61,200 tons were sunk yesterday and last night, the German high command reports. In the week ended Nov, 11 vessels aggregating 71,749 tons were lost, the British-Ad-miralty admits.
Secretary Hull has denied the Japanese charge that the United States and Britain have been seeking to enroll the Siamese in a three'way alliance, but the chafge was “too fantastic to have needed his denial,” Edgar Ansel Mowrer reports from Washington.
Hitler’s first concrete gesture in co-operation with France is seen in his agreement to the immediate liberation of 30j000 French soldiers interned in Switzerland, and sO-called leaves, equal to release, for 25,000 others now in Germany.
“More than 10,600 Americans will still be left sitting on the Par Eastern tinderbox when the last special evacuation liner, sent here by the United States government, steams out of Shanghai Harbor tomorrow,” A. T. Steele radios.
“If Frenchmen should need a new lesson in patriotism,” radios Paul Ghali, “it would be available many times over, every day, at th^ Bottreaux station in Lyon, stopover place for trainloads of Lorrainers evacuated by Nazi edict.”
Can-C^n Chorus Finds Going 'Tough'; Footbali Squad Ready As Subs In Line
I
By ^eggy Howard One sprained ankle, one knee-cap slightly over-used, one sprained back, one Charley horse—nope, it’s not the football team’s injury listjust the results of a month’s rehearsals for the can-can chorus of “Everything But Onipns,” the Union’s Thanksgiving show. According to the injiured members, the Gay Ninety’s girls must have been ^ super women to have been able to take the can-can |n their stride ’cause the modern can-canners can’t! Coach Bob Bauman has put the remaining stalwarts on a, .strict Crispy Crunchies and beefsteak diet in the hopes that a few can be salvaged from the depleted ranks to appear in Thursday night’s show. Bauman has announced that a special type of eatey chair will be provided for the girls to relax in at the
Prom, Gala Week Best Banner Over 6^000 Hear Sevitzky Committee Petitions Will Receive ' Pu rd ue Overature
Last night, a capacity crowd of over six thousand students, faculty members and townspeople witnessed the world premier of “Purdue,” an overture written especially for this> the first concert of orchestral music in the Music Hall and dedicated by the composer, Fabien Sevitzky, to President Edward C. Elliott
and the University.
Available Monday "Petitions for Prom and Gala
Week committees will be available starting next Monday, Student Senate officials announced last night. They may be obtained any afternoon between 4 and 6:30 o’clock during the following week in the Senate office. On the following Monday they must be returned with the signatures of at least 60 members of the
same class as the candidate. Candidates for Gala Week com-
mittee must be Seniors and for the Prom committee, juniors. A cumulative scholastic index of 3.5 or more
is essential.
The election will be held either in the old West Desk niche or in the West Reception room of the Union on Tuesday, December 17. The polls will be open from 7:30 a. m. to 6
p. m.
All Juniors are eligible to vote for members of the Prom committee and Seniors for the Gala Week committee. It is expected that the voting will be done on voting machines as in the past. The Prom committee will consist of the seven Juniors who receive the largest number of votes and the Gala Week -committee of the six Seniors showing similar superiority. Whether these belong to the same party, different parties or are unaffiliated will make no difference.
j.f.a.
BEAT INDIANA! Messer's Band Scheduled For Coed Bid Dance Hank Messer and his band will be featured at the WAA ^all Harvest Hop, Friday, November 29 in the Union ballroom. This will be the second co-ed bid ddnce of the year. Messer has played on many of the midwestern campuses this fall—at the University of Illinois, MacMurray college, and St. Ambrose college. His original style based on the theme song “Especially For You” will star Lew Magill on the celeste wi^ the vocals by Jerry Ewert and Tiny Morris. Messer and his band have co-starred with several big name bands this year including Gene Krupa, Lou Breese, Bil^ Carlson and Jack Denny. “Joe” clothes are in order land the music promises to be plenty smooth. Tickets are on sale in the WAA office for one dollar, j.h.
Will Receive Reamer Award Reamers Club, athletic booster honorary, will present a football autogri’Rphed by all varsity players and football coaches to the campus organization displaying the best and piost original banner in the preIndiana game pep session, Friday night. '' The pep session will begin at 7:30 p. m. in front of*the Union; the judging of signs will be held in back of the Hall of Music, where the band will form, at about 7:00 o’clock. The contest is open to all fraternities, sororities, co-op houses, Cary halls and the Women’s Residence halls, independent house, or other campus groups. “Any group, even a pair of roommates, that brings a sign is eligible,” said Bill Delmar, yell man-
ager, last night.
Judges for the contest will he Bert Bohlin, Reamer; Bud Taylor, Gimlet; Georgia Carroll, Gold Pepper; and Curt Lanius, Skull and Crescent. These students represent the organizations which have been sponsoring the pre-game pep ses-
sions this year. j.f.z.
BEAT INDIANA! Trains Go Info Action At Model Railroader's Open House Saturday A miniature railroad in operiftion will be shown at the Open House exhibition of the Model Railroad Club Saturday evening from 7 to 10 o’clock at the club’s layout in the attic of the Mechanical Engineering
Buildifig.
Although, according to Donald Darr, president of the club, some of the 700 feet of track will not be in operation for the open house, because of alterations now in progress several locomotives and approximately 75 cars will be in constant operation during the evening. All equipment and track has been constructed by the club members to ex-
act scale.
Students interested in the work of the club are especially urged to attend this exhibition, where they may obtain detailed information about membership. All interested in seeing this well known model in actual operation are welcome Saturday, A special feature of the show will be the initial use of a specially designed twowheel superintendent’s car of untasual design and interest*. j.h.a.
Foresters View Lumber Barnes An(l Martin Mill; Return From Trip Will Play For'Dads
last rehearsal tonight. Doc Miller will also be on hand to take care of
any possible casualties. Beef-trust Substitutes
In case none of the girls are cffile to appear tomorrow night, ^teps have been taken to assure the continuance of the eld tradition the “show must go on.” A second chorus of heavy huskies from the football department have also leaimed the routine and will give their own dainty rendition of the number. The directors are hopeful that the strenuous antics of the dance won’t prove too mbch for this beef-trust. The cgn-can girls also sing during their number, but due to the sore muscles prevalent the song has had to be put in the minoi; key to fit the mood of the singers, it v^as an-
nounced late last night.
After a three day inspection tour of Indiana’s largest logging mill in Goshen, eighteen senior Foresters returned to the campus yesterday afternoon. This was the second inspection tour of the semester for this group. Accompanied by Prof, O. M. Davenport of the Forestry department the seniors examined the Griffith logging mill. They learned the technology of making ^ tree trunk into finished wood products, such as sashes, furniture, and novelties, e. w.n.
Tea Dance
... will be held in the South Ballroom of the Union from 3:30 to 6:30 o’clock Thanksgiving afternoon, Union officials who are sponsoring it, announced yesterday. BEAT INDIANA! CO-ED HOURS According to the WSGA Judfcial Board, co-ed hours will be extended Wednesday, November 20,,nntil 12 midnight. Hours Thursday, November 21, will be ll/p. m.
Indiana Feed Men |nd Courses Today With Visit To Farms One hundred twenty-five Indiana feed manufacturers and dealers who are attending the Animal Nutrition School here will hear four speakers this morning before they visit the University farms and laboratories to study the latest methods applied here in animal nutrition. Subjects to be covered in this morning’s session are “Soybeans in Animal Nutrition,” by Dr. C. L. Shrewsbury of the University staff; “Protein and Energy Requirements of Dairy Cattle,” by Professor J. H. Hilton; “Acetonemia in Cattle and Pregnancy Toxemia in Sheep”; by Dr. J. F. Bullard, veterinarian; and “The Feeding Program Advocated by Dairy Extension Workers” By G. A .Williams. The purpose of the school is to acquaint the dealers and manufacturers of animal feeds with the latest developments m feed practices and in principals of nutrition, as well as to review for them the general principles of animal nutrition,” according to Dr. M. V. Lambert, associate director of the Agricultural Experiment Station, who opened the first session yesterday. Included in yesterday’s program were speeches by F. K. Sale, secretary of the Indiana Grain Dealers’ Aissociation, who spoke on the dealers responsibility for better feeds; Dr. L. P. Doyle, on nutritional diseases in poultry; Prof. C. W. Carrick, on feed efficiency in poultry; Prof. R. E, Roberts on feed formulae for poultry; Paul B. Curtis on relation of inspection to the feed industry; Director Harry J. Reed of the experiment station on the Universities program for improving feeding practices; Professor C. M. Vestal on protein supplements for swihe, and Dr. S. M. Hauge on vitamins in animal feeding. At the banquet held yesterday eyening, R. M. Field, president of the American Peed Manufacturers’ Association, spoke on “Soybeans in Animal Nutrition.” This was followed by a rounti table discussion, m.k.b.
The work held a double significance, being dedicated to the University and also having included in it, as one of its themes, the melody of “Hail Purdue.” The original manuscript of the composition will be presented to President Elliott March 16, when the Indianapolis Symphonic Orchestra will again present a concert here. Prof. F. S. Hockema, Assistant to the President, announced last night. Seritzky and the orchestra first played Symphony No. 3 Opus 65 (Eroica) by Ludwig Van Beethoven, consisting of four great movements, which were originally to have typified the strength and power of Napoleon. Beethoven wrote this work in 1803, when his admiration for Napoleon was at its height. His second presentation was the “Rapsodie Espagnole,” by Maurice Ravel, which was divided into four parts: “Prelude a la Nuit,” “Malaguena,” “Habanera,” and “Feria.” Then he played the “Purdue Overture.” His last selection included three fragments :^om “The Damnation of 'Faust,” By Hector Berlioz. The^ last selection included music which Faust was supposed to have heard played by nymphs and gnomes in a nightmareish dream, a waltz, and finally, in the last fragment, a frenzied march, a gypsy war march, which was first presented by Michael Bama, Court Musician to Prince Franz Rakoczy, a Russian noble. Because of the exceptionally long program, the conductor played only two encore selections, which included a Wagnerian selection and a repitetion of the “Purdue Overture.” He promised to play, when he was here for his return engagement in March; Ravel’s “Bolero,” which he wa& asked to play as an encore number. Thus concluded the first concert of orchestral music held in the new Hall of Music. jJj:.
Art Club
... will hold its initial meeting of n the year this evening at 7:30 p. m. in room 84 of the Union. Motion pictures, graphic art, textiles, paintings, and sculpture will be ffiscussed. The art club is under the direction of 'iBob Parks and is part of Student Union activities. All old members and other persons who are interested are invited. Plans for the rest of the "year will be discussed. j.f.a.
Two orchestras. Bob Barnes’ Indiana campus band, and BiU Martin, University campus band, will play at the Dad’s Day l^ixer in both ballrooms of the Union Saturday from 9 to 12 p. m. The University Men’s Glee Club will sing several popular and semi-classical numbers. Barnes is featuring Annabelle Alexander, vocalist. m.f. Dr. A4. G. Mellon ... of the chemistry department has been appointed associate editor of the Journal of the Optical Society of America. Dr. Mellon is a member of the committee of the National Research Council of the Chemical Application of Spectroscopy. His duties in his new capacity will be to assist in the journal’s expanded publication program which will include papers on applied spectroscopy. r.e.h. New Rifle (^lub ... will meet toqight at 7:30 p. m. in room 104 of the Fieldhouse. All men interested in the forming of this club are urged to attend.
lO Sends Frantic Distress Signals As Their Beauty Queen Netrs End
BLOOMINGTON, Ind., Nov. 19— (Special to Exponent)—^Discord is rampant at I. U. A heavy gloom has settled from her new Hall of Music to the “iBook Nook.” The Jordan (the river of all rivers) is vat a stand-still. Professors and students share the melancholy that" hangs about the damp old woods which serve as a campus. Storm signals of red and white crepe have been raised to give a pre-warning of some horrible catastrophe. Miss Indiana Weakens What is this expected tragedy that strikes terror into the hearts of the Indiana Joes 7 ’Tis a terrible disease and it has left Miss Indiana in a terrible condition. Each hour she grows weaker from this evergrowing nevqr-ceasing te^or. Above the gloom, old John Purdue chuckles to himself. Yes, it was he who sowed the seeds of this horxQite malady, which attacks the Cream-and Crimson annually^ about this time of the year. This disease
is known as the “hot riveters chills.” It is no wonder that those storm signals are in the air. In fact, the whole I. U. campus is in the air. What will her fate be ? Each hour she grows worse, without any sign of recovery. Her temperature is high, and chances of recovering are not one in 10’. Who knows what will happen, for time alone will tell. Penalty Dates ^ During the present semester there are four penalty dates. They are November 20,22, fpm noon Deceiaber 20 to noon December 21, and January 0. These dates represent the twenty-four hour periods before and after the Thanksgiving and Christmas reces^s;. A student who is absent from one er mme claasea daring any ef tbese four dayi will be aaaeased an extra Unt of for each 24-honr period or fraettem thereof misaed. ^Wednesday, November 20. 1940
pjuAdujL £xfsumstnL
Jhmh^ JoUl
We're Going To Lose To Indiana
Periodically the defense of the Wabash has crept into the columns of this paper without arousing any serious thought on the part of the readers. But through usually reliable sources we have learned that the Wabash and its environs are in serious danger of invasion by an ancient enemy at an early date, no doubt within the week. We have it that they will come disguised in i;-ed and white outfits and will call themselves Hoosiers, the better to get within the walls of our defenses. They will come well equipped and well trained and will be prepared to make quick work of the battle before them. Captain Rankin and his troops have been informed of the proposed invasion and have been making plans to meet any attack prepared by this insidious enemy. He has informed your reporter, however, that a great many volunteer units must be formed if our community is to be defended properly against every weapon of the foe. Already the fifth columns of the enemy have filtered into the campus. Already the seeds of discontent, of criticism, of indifference have been sown among the followers of the Gold and Black banner of the Boilermakers who are halfhearted and disloyal. Already the advocates of defeatism have begun their whining. And how has this unseen enemy crept into our ranks? First blame must be shouldered by the booster organizations who have turned out half-heartedly or not at all to the pep sessions and the train meetings. Last Sunday morning a good sized band of loyal Boilermakers were on hand to meet the team after their defeat at Minnesota. And the members of the booster organizations who were present could have been
counted on the fingers of one hand. Is this the loyal support to which you haye pledged yourselves by joining these organizations—or do you belong just to wear one of the hats? Is this the way to lead the student body ? If so, it looks as if a little shuffling of the leadership is needed. We’ve never seen Indiana beat Purdue since we’ve been here and we had hopes of preserving that one little token for our memories but we’re thoroughly convinced that we’re going to see just such an event come to pass next Saturday unless the campus as a whole gives up its air of defeatism right now. Tl^is is in no way an attempt at mob psychology but a sincere expression of'what we believe to be a fact. We watched the crowd sit silent for three quarters at the Wisconsin game and then start the fourth quarter with a great demonstration of spontaneous cheering. And all the football was played in the fourth quarter. Maybe there wasn’t any connection but we think that there was. Prior to the last two Indiana games the air on the campus has become tense with the spirit of battle but from our observations next Saturday’s game is just one more on the list. Saturday’s game is no mere football game as far as true Boilermakers are concerned. It is the clash of two great schools in one of the oldest and noblest rivalries of the whole collegiate system. It is the outward expression of the cJompetition which is daily taking place in thy classrooms, the research laboritories and jhe administration of the two schools. This is everybody’s battle. As we stated ^Sunday, we don’t have the greatest football team in the world. But any team can be great if it feels that the cause is great enough and the battle worth winning. It’s not just the team that must be bolstered for Saturday’s battle, it’s each and everyone of us who champions the cause of the Gold and Black!
Purdue’s Interesting 0 People
By Donna Siess
Mechanized Farming Subjed Of Ag Group Discussion Monday
WBAA
Possibly many of you on your way to classes in the Recitation Building have been greeted by the cheery “good morning” of Professor H. Wikel, of the history department. This man has become a familiar figure as he stops to chat with a group of students. Professor Wikel received his BA and MA degrees at Indiana University and following this, studied at Dresden and Jena in Germany. In 1923 on a leave of absence he studied French in Paris for a year. His first position was at LaGrange, Indiana, Where he became principal and then superintendent. In the fall of 1916 he entered the faculty here. So he now claims 25 yeara on the campus. Professor Wikel has jus^ recently completed a book “The Netherlands.” The publication of this beautifully illustrated manuscript has been delayed because of the present conditions abroad. Traveling is his main hobby, which he has done for his entertainment and for study of medieval architecture, castles, and churches. His travels include trips throughout all of Europe, the Mediterranean area, and throughout all parts of thp United States, including Alaska, as well as in all of the provinces of Canada. During the World War, Mr. Wikel was actively teaching on the campus and feels that he remembers his experiences during that time as the most outstanding of his days on the
Harry Davis, Director of Research of the Farm Equipment Institute of Chicago, addressed the members of the Agricultural Education Society at the third m a series of open meetings last Monday evening, in the West Faculty Lounge. Mr. Davis discussed the evolution of mechanized farming and showed how the increase in efficiency of farm machines is making it possible for the farmer to mechanize his farm at justifiable costs.
campus. In fais home here one could have quite an interesting time perusing his old documents and rare maps, and viewing his collection of unusual and rare prints. —yours for more interest—
Wednesday, November 20, 1940 11:00—Far East Problems and Contemporary Affairs — Mr. Gordon Enders 11:50—Purdue News Plashes 12:00—Farm Pacts For Farm Polks 12:15—Sports Review 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45—Monitor Views the News 1:00—Just Relax 1:15—Afternoon Melodies 1:30—Meditations—Rev. J. B. Gleason 1:45—Market Reports 2:00—Elizabeth Crump Enders 2:15—June Eller—^pianist 2:30—The Bookman 2:46—Hymn Echoes—Jean Waddell 3:00—Science Review 3:16--News of the Week 3:30—Syhiphony Hall 4:30—Melody Maids 4:46—Story Book Hour
MARS
TOMORROW - FRIDAY
ROBERT PAIGE VIRGINIA DALE
LAST DAY
«» WALTER BRENNAN j fMiMM mm mam.
IT'S FIRST RUN PLUS
, WOMEN i WITHOUT NAMES
ROBERT PAGE ELLEN DREW — ALSO —
■—THURS. - FRI. - SAT.— LA CONGA NIGHTS BILLY THE KID OUTUW'D KING of the ROYAL MOUNTED FIRST RUN NEWS
iiiAiii
— TODAY — TWO FIRST RUN HITS!
It's Collegiate! It's Colorful! "TOO MANY GIRLS" with Ann Miller - Hal Leroy Lucille Ball PLUS
PETER LORRE Join McGuire, MarsaretTalllGhet* ChatiasWaldroB
RKO RADIO MYSTERY-THRILLER!
Starts TOMORROW TWO FIRST RUN HITS! bOaredavil Drama!
m mi ooms RKO C. tofcW
— COMING — LUM and ABNER
5*’' Coliiiiiii
Ever since the election people have been harping on this business of national unity. Now we believe in unity too. The only trouble is that a great majority have absorbed Hitler’s idea of the situation. Which is. Unconditional surrender.
The way we look at it the big problem is to present a united front to outsiders. And do our fighting amongst ourselves. In private. It’s not so hard. Like the old family squabbles. Where all you had to do. Was pull down the shades before you beat your wife. « Ik * In short. When the occasion arises. We beg to differ.
Now that congress has made up its mind. To stick around a while yet. We figure they could get to work. On this unity problem. It’s all very simple. They begin the good work by passing a law. To make the Army-Navy game come out a tie. • * * Continuing Benito’s speech of day before yesterday. We find. Among other casual remarks. That the totalitarian powers have everything from Norway to Libya in their fist. Now as far as Italy goes. Not only did he say a mouthfull. But with Greece. He has a handfull. « * * Times have changed. It used to be when the Greeks kicked the devil out of somebody they sent a runner to
The Purdue Exponent
EnteMd M fceond elaw nutter at the poat offlM M fh#eft^ ludla^ under the a^ of CongrtM Iwoh $, 1879, and at the apeoial rate of poatase prorided for in ■ection 1108, aat of October 8. 1017, anthorleed Janiurjr SO. 1922. Pobliihed dail^ except Mondar darine the resnlar, academic rear and weekly dnrinCr the Summer SMion. Delirered locally hr carrier for tS.OO per year, null anbacrlption $8.60. Editor-Ia-Chlcf «. W. Danahna BuaineM Manacar Jferie Hacemeyer PublioiHon Staff News Kdltor J. H. VeKM Manasing Editor— — _ ——D. K. H^Ia Aaiooiate Editora: W. S. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, A. Pureell, L. W. Bnflner, B. M. Skallemp, J. h. Traucott. Bufinat* Silaff Local AdTertiaina Sfanacera: D. 8. Powera, O. 0. Landera; Ptomotioa Manager, C. E. Danglemajer; Aecpunto Manager, B. J. Shadford: Circulation Manager, R. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor - .Beth Simpson Aaaoclata Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Roae, Donna Sieaa. Sportf Staff Editor — • J. P. Dolan Aasooiate Editora: J. F. Adamson, P. C. JTohnsan, B. O. Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Businais 5038; Sports 2792 Seprasented for national advertising by National Advertising Serviee, Ine., College Pnblishers Representativee, 420 Madisoa Ava., New York, N. T. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Ruffner Day Editor, Miller Ass’t. Night Editor: Amos Night Sports Editor: Swaim Workers: J. P. Zinski, W. M Clark, C. A. Stoeckel, E W. Nordhnger, L R. Galloway, R R Runnlon, M K. Boynton, R Eberts, Humrickhouser, Lowy, N Zachary, J Horr, C Leuty, P. Howard, M. Fuller, Brink, Davidson, T. P. Thiele, D M Mier and O. T. Clark.
Athens with the good tidings. Phillipides ran 100 miles once. And gasped out the news and his last all at once in the public square. There isn’t any romance left in the business anymore. And all the good distance men are out of jobs. What with the AP doing it for them.—dkh
Annual High School Dehate Conference Convenes Dec. 6,7
Qkumuji
four co-eds held the door for people and eleven fellows held the door for people
A Student Legislative Assembly will be held on campus Friday and Saturday, December 6-7, in connection with the eleventh annual Indiana High School Debaters’ Conference. The high school students attending will take part in committee discussions, consider possible solutions of current problems, and hear these problems discussed by nationally prominent authorities. Among the speakers will be: President Edward C. Elliott; F. Harold Van Orman, former Lt. Governor of Indiana; James M. Knapp, Speaker of the Indiana House of Representatives during its last session. s.h.l.
That mouse Mudball again broke loose from wherever they keep such phenomena and crossed the threshold of the Exponent office with a bunch of words he wants published: i sat by the door of the union the other day and counted the number of times that someone held the door open for someone else
part two two out of the ten co-eds for whom the door was opened said thank you and five out of the five fellows for whom the door was opened said thank you
part three remind me sometime to conduct some research to determine other pertinent campus data
lAMiintt
TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT.
LUMA
LAST DAY — 2 HITS
Thurs. - Fri. - Saf. — 2 HITS m warns wiIKKilniwN IwW.
pmposr*
Johnny Mack BROWN
Fuggy jaNIGHT
Your Figure’s in Fashion
But Is Your Coiffure, Too?
Your wardrobe shows your good taste and judgement in selecting clothes to keep you in fashion, but what about your pretty head? Has it been kept in step with style changes? A weekly appointment at Loeb's Beauty Salon will make it easy to have up-to-the-minute beauty . . . and you'll be surprised at how inexpensive it is
CALL 7901
Loeb’s Beauty Salon
ARC
STARTING THURS. - FRI. - SAT. and Continues for 12 Weeks
OUT OF YOUn FAVORITE NEWSPAPER ONTO THE SCREEN! Kins of the Royal Moiinteil blazes a fiery trail across tyig continents to brins ^8,dangerous band of foreign spies to lusticef '
KING OF M ROVAL MonniDj
A REPUBIIC SERIAL IN 12 CHAPIERS.‘t-f.;
''i-' '••;
pujkdm-
Wednesday# Noyember 20# 1940
fiaqai‘SpofdA
f-#
Boilermakers Face Hoosiers Saturday In Bucket Battle
Boilermaker Coach Well Satisfied With
Frosh Physical Education Students Select Officers
Harrier's Showing
Commenting on the season’s record in cross-country, head track Coach Herman Phillips drew the conclusion that, “I am satisfied with this season’s results, but we didn’t do as well as we can do.” These words probably sum up very accurately the feeling of most of the members of the harrier squad. As in the case in most activities there were both low and high points during the season. For the first time the Boilermaker cross-country squad was able to overpower Wisconsin’s harriers', and until the last two iheets. Captain Ed Holderman was able to meet all challengers without defeat.
BEAT INDIANA!
Two Sophomores Although there is some possibility that a pair of Riveter sophomores will represent the Gold and Black in the national intercollegiate meet at Lansing, the Big Ten meet at Chicago closes the 1940 crosscountry season for the Boilermaker squad. Holderman finished in the spot place while Reeves came in sixth to give the Riveter squad a third place.
Uitle International
. . . livestock show'sponsored by Hoof and Horn, animal husbandry honorary, will be held tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the judging pavilion. Beef cattle, swine, horses, and sheep will be shown by students. They will be discussed by the heads of departments.
Few Members Lost
Next year. Coach Phillips predicts, should see an even better harrier team. Many of the members of this year’s squad are sophomores who with the extra experience of a year of competition should be even better runners next year. Another encouraging fact about the 1941 distance team is the prediction of the loss of very few of its members. Reeves is the only cross-country runner on this year’s squad wh<i will
not be eligible for competition next fall. Although cross-country events are often thought of as valuable only in that they train runners for track events. Coach Phillips contends that cross-country running is in itself ant important activity and not merely a satelite of track. Coach Phillips agrees, however, that crosscountry evenibs prepare the men competing in them for track better than any other t3^e of activity. d.w.m.
a J^eai ^LanLd^iuin^ 2v
Dine in the Union where you can enjoy a variety of dishes, in pleasant surroundings. The Union is proud of its four outstanding places to eat—
Cafeteria Grilk^ounge
Coffee Shop Chestnut
JhsL fiWtdwL WjmifuaL lAnwfL
The Comer of the Campus’-^ Yet the Center of Activities
At a fiieeting. of the freshman physical education students Thursday morning, November 14, the following officers were elected for the remainder of this school year. They are; president, Angelo DeMarco; yice president, James, Pechin; secretary, Kenneth Smock; and treasurer, Jeffin Andretich. This is the first time in the history of the division of physical education for men that there has been a definite class organization. It is planned tentatively to promote a series of activities open to the rest of the school of physical education and other students, which will serve as interesting side-lights to. the main features of the course, h.b.d.
Intramural Sports
Iristimaiis Illusions
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
Fl'aternSty Swimoning ■ Wednesday, December 4 is the date which has been set for the In-ter-fratemity swimming meet. All teams must be at the pool ready to go promptly at 4:10 p. m. The schedule of the meet is as follows:
We have all at one time or another heard of the weakness of Eastern football when compared to Western, Southwestern, and farWestern gridiron tactics, but when we speak of that weakness we speak of wiiming ability only; we forget the code of the sportsman, the man whose code begins where the rules leave off. —I-I—
Yesterday you and I read of the excellent example of sportsmanship provided the nation by the University of Cornell, who ceded Saturday’s contest to Dartmouth, because the theretofore undefeated and untied Cornell had eked out a 7-3 victory over the Indians with a last minute seven points on a “fifth” down. I-I
4:10—Medley Relay, 3 men 50 yd. Back Stroke 60 yd. Breast Stroke 60 yd. Crawl 4:20—100 yd. Back Stroke 4:30—100 yd. Breast Stroke 4:40—100 yd. Free Style / 4:60—50 yd. Free Style 6:00—^220 yd. Relay, 4 men' 6:10—220 yd. Free Style 6:20—Fancy diving 3 required dives 3 optional dives Team medals and trophies as usual, and one or more men will constitute a team for participation points. Entries may be changed during the meet. Conference rules limit the number of events which one man may enter to three.
BEAT INDIANA!
Nope, the Ivy League may not rank with the paramount clubs in physical strength, but they certainly take the lead with honor football, which goes down as a stinging and glaring lesson to another great football team in this nation who had the same chance to rectify an almost identical‘‘incident but of a different technicality, but refiised. _I-I_!
state New York school’s sacrifice of victory was doubly painful to that of the other school referred to, since the Ithacians were rolling for national honors.
-I-I—
Since that early Saturday in the present season, the course of that team’s play has been strewn with defeat and embarrassment. It’s season was a flop from that very moment. But look at Cornell; that up-
And now it’s time for the fans to get all over the jerring official, W. H. Priesell. Can you imagine an expert official making a mistake? You dam right, you can. After all, the fellow is human, and has humanity failed to create a Utopia; so has intercollegiate athletics. All machinery skips a beat now and then, but sometimes it’s inconvenient and embarrassing, isn’t it? Sure ’tisi
CHICAGO $2.95
ROUND tRiR GO YANKEE FAST# SAFE COMFORTABLE
TICKETS AND STATION AT
S0UTHW0RTH3
INDIANAPOLIS $2.10
ROUND TRIP
GO YANKEE FAST, SAFE COMFORTABLE
TICKETS AND
STATION AT
SOUTHWORTH'S
Luxuriously ^onveri* lent and smartly styled; the DOPP-Klf gives Me final touch to travel comfort and satisfaction. This utllity-travel-kit has generous, capacity. Slio back the talon zipper and it
opens wide—easy to remove or replace toilet .articles. Zip it closed and it is flat, snug and trim. The DOPP-KIT has semiflexible walls and collapsible side-gusset, xi patented construction that automatically adjusts the height to the contents. Made of fine leathers by able craftsmen. Size: 10* long, 6* wide, 3" high (dosed). DOPP-KIT Junior; 7V4* long; AW wide, 2 ' high (closed). Priced from $2.75 up;
T\T7^ TT T 1>»C Ji/JIiv# JV JIi Xii O
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
Elward Drills Team On Aerials;
Byelene, Anderson, Snyder Ailing
With the advent of milder weather to their grid encampment, the Boilermaker football squad conducted an intensive practice session yesterday, carrying but one dominant purpose in mind, namely, to defeat Indiana’s Hoosiers Saturday afternoon, when that team invades Ross-Ade Stadium. A great majority of the student body seems to be harboring the mistaken idea that the men who emerged from the crushing defeat at the hands of Minnesota are demoralized. If only these same people could view one workout, they would have a different conception of the spirit which reigns throughout.
stop Hmsh! Two backfields, comprised almost entirely of sophomores, alternating in running and passing plays. One quartet was composed of John Galvin, Tony Berto, Hal Schumacher, and Jim Cary. The other was made up of Walt Cook, Red Carter, John Petty, and Tex Smerke. Mai Elward does not intend to be on the short end of that battle for the Old Oaken Bucket, and is concentrating on a strong pass defense to offset the aerial thrusts that I. U. has been noted for this season. Hurling Hal Hursh feeds the ball to a galaxy of experienced ends, among them the towering Negro fiankman, Archie Harris, and Eddie Rucinski. However Bo “Punt, pass, and pray” McMillin and the Cream and Crimson defenses may very welL make preparation for an overhead attack themselves, for the Riveters connected twelve times against the Golden Gophers last Saturday for 127 yards and a near average of fifty per cent, which was nothing short of phenomenal on a field that was in the words of Mel Taube, “In the worst condition of any playing field I ever saw.”
Byelene May Play The Gold and Black running attack was not. allowed to suffer last evening, as a number of clever pla3rs among them a tricky shovel pass were executed. The backfield is severely handicapped by the epittemic of injuries that has descended upon the squad. Two of the quarterbacks are shelved and will not see service in the approaching encounter. Bob Kersey was forced out of the game at Minneapolis with a recurrence of ruptured blood vessels in his leg.
Roger Williams Club
... will holds their annual .Thanksgiving picnic at Vawters Big Rock on the Tippecanoe river. The g?:oup will leave toniorrow afternoon at 2:30 o’clock from the West Lafayette Baptist Church.
Rocky Snyder is still annoyed by an inflamed hip, thus leaving the field general job in the hands of Tex Smerke, Jim Cary, and Bill Lindsay. Snaerke is the only one of that trio with any m.^sure of. competitive experience, while the remaining twq have seen but little action. , “Swede” Anderson’s ankle has not improved any, and Tommy Melton and Pete Timperman will start under the strain of minor annoyances. Contrary to previous rumors, Mike Byelene is not completely removed firom the active list. While bis chances of starting in the fray are virtually non-eMStant, his slightly separated shoulder may allow him to see some service against the down-state rivals. Stadium Sold -Out A capacity throng of 32,009 spectators wiM jam the Riveter stronghold, and all tickets, including those of the general admission variety, have been sold. In adffition to t^ ramps for standing room, bleachers containing approximately 1,500 vfiB be erepted in the end zone at the open extremity of the stadium. For tlm xemamder of the week, Elward indicated he would abandon bodily.cant^ wherevto possible, for fear of erfpplhig^ the squad* any further. However, Mai does wish to continue with dummy scrimmages, and' try his repetoire of pla.]^s. ag^st ^e, six, and seven’ man line formations of the type tbe Hoosiers are expected to use. ‘ Fina]U Fqr. Thirteen Thirteen ’^ll complete their cqL, lege careers come Saturday when the final gun goes off. The semnr contingent includes Captain Dav^ Rankin, leadhig candidate' for AlL Am^can honors at end; T^ A^’| ton, ‘center; Bill- Lindsay, quarts back; Jack Winchell, guard; Gen^ Mclllwain, halfback; Pete l^pesman, tackle; Bqn Yeager, halfbackj; A1 Rosm, tackle; John Petty; fullback Ted Tycocki, end; Jim Herjdershn, guard; Bill Neff, tackle; and flashy little halfback D^e Byelenk. o.t.c. -
i^EINSATlONALr!
MEN’S HOSE MADE WITH DIJ PONT
Be among the first to wear this new hose sensatioiil You've got a brand new experience coming in long wear and comfort. in these attractive socks made with NYLON... The mir. acle yarn. In regulation lengths.
Men's Furnishings
Street Fhwf Wflstfiaga -TloiiaiA
Wednesday, November 20, 1940
fijuAduiL £xftoiwiL
4^ 1
Alumnus Helps To Construct Largest Wind Tunnel In World At Dayton, Ohio
By Bill Clark Russell A. Garrett, BS EE ’22, has been engaged in the electrical engineering work associated with the writing of specifications, design, and construction layout for the power and control equipment and lighting of a wind tunnel at Wright Field, Dayton, Ohio. It will be one of the largest high speed wind tunnels in the country used in testing large models of military aircraft. This tunnel will supplement two smaller ones now in use and will be 790 feet long, varying in diameter from 40 feet maximum to 20 feet at the testing section, thus capable * of accommodating models of 15foot wingspread, compared to the four-foot maximum of today. The testing section will form part of a building 68 feet high, 108 feet long, and 62 feet,wide which will contain all instruments for automatically measuring and recording the model’s reactions. 40,000 Horsepower Motor The power plant, housed in a separate building, will be composed of a 40,000 horsepower motor, and 275 tons of generator sets. The 125-ton motor is being built at the East Pittsburgh plant of Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Company, at a cost of approximately $1,000,000. This motor, 23,000 times larger than a washing machine motor will drive a propellor which will force air into the tunnel at speeds up to 400 m.p.h. At the present time the wind tunnels build up airspeeds of only 100 m.p.h. and this increase will allow engineers to more accurately calculate the actual per-
Co-ed Hockey Teams To Compete Saturday
At 10 o’clock Saturday morning, WAA all-star hockey players will compete m the womeil's athletic field for their Dads and all other spectators interested. They will form two teams, the Gold and Black, and will be umpired by Professor Hazelton and Helen Schleman.
BEAT INDIANA! Student Union
. . . will present its weekly program of modern classical music tonight at 7:30 in the Music room. The program for this week will feature “Ballad for Americans” sung by Paul Robeson and “Peter and the WoK,” an orchestral fairy tale by Prokofieff. The program will be:
BEAT INDIANA!
Excerpts from “Through the Looking Glass” Deems Taylor “Ballad for Americans” Latouche “Peter an dthe Wolf” Prokofieff “Roumanian Rhapsody” Enesco
The records are furnished by the Foster Shop. c.l.
The Well-Dressed Man will always be a step ahead . . .
Use Sanitone Cleaning Phone 3085 American
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. WSK dr. HAROLD ). RISK 4th & Hain St. Phono 5701
DEACS Everything for a College Education
• Locksmith
University Book Store Across form the Union Next to the College Inn M. C. "Red" Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
KEYS and LOCKS Keys for trunks, door loclu, niflht latches end pMlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories end repalrirn). MULHAUPTS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 2828
• Dairy Products
• Hardware
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Sperb Hardware' Quality Mdse.—RigKt Prices 822 AAain St. Phone 2777
GREEKS ASK (Continued from page 1)
formance of a full-size plane. No Theory The men at Wright Field are interested in the practical and applied application of planes rather than in the theoretical and basic problems of aerodynamics. As one of the men expressed it, “We want to see how modifications in existing or new planes would affect them, how . airplanes can be designed to get the most satisfactory performance out of them.” Although Army men are interested in specific applications to military aircraft, discoveries of a fundamental nature made in the new tuimel will be available to the entire aviation industry.
must not content themselves-with dispatches about Greek Army victories, and said that for the last two days at Koritza the Greek troops, under repeated attacks from nearly 400 Italian planes, had continued to advance. The Greek spokesman paid tribute to the aid Britain has already given here and to the great naval victory at Taranto. He added, “But we have need of other things also, especially we have an urgent need for airplanes. Tell this with all your ardor to the British and American public.” This appeal constitutes a frank recognition by Greek leaders of the fact that the most dangerous and also the decisive days in the eastern Mediterranean, war all lie ahead and that only a part of the groundwork for a possible Anglo-Greek victory has been laid.
Everything Bnt Onions: Singing chorus meet Wednesday at 4:46 in MusicsHall. No dress rehearsal. Formal attire,,, thila preferred, for Thursday performance. ^ —TODD.
Modern Dance: Rehearsal Monday at 4 p. m. and Wednesday ,at 7 p. m. It is very important for all members to be present. —SWOPE.
at painless prices. Kane's Prliit Shop. 401 S. 89tii. Phone 6206.
Gimlet: Meeting Wednesday, November 20, 4 p. m. in the Student Senate office. Very important. Very short. —TAYLOR.
Volleyball: Practices ^Monday, Wednesday, Thursday at 4 p. m. Two practices are required for intramural team. —KIRKOPP.
Lost; Suede Jacket in Quantitative Lab. Chem. Building. Please return to Lab.i
Lost: One Log-Log duplex slide rule, initials W. M. on case. Phone 86742.
Reamers—^All Actives and Pledges: Tickets and money for Football Banquet must be turned in at PIA office by 6 p. nq,, Friday, November 22. Do not fail. Also, all actives and pledges get tickets for Fresh-man-Varsity basketball game from Myers. ’ i—BOHLIN.
Independent Staff: No meeting this week
' iksgivf
because of Thanksgiving vacation. Dog will be up Monday. —SELKOWITZ.
Wanted: Pour tickets for Indiana game. Will pay reasonable price. Call 81571.
Silver Mask. No meeting Thursday, November 21. Cancelled due to Thanks^ving. —PITCHER.
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting Thursday, November 21, at 7:80 p. m. in room 807 of the Union. Visitors are welcome. —LONG.
Pi Tau Sigma Pledges: Informal initiation next Wednesday, November 27. Signed shingles due Monday. Watch this column. —WIST.
Radio Club: Meeting in room 184 of EE Building, Tuesday, November 26, at 7:30 p m Mr. R. R. Stone will give a lecture demonstration on, “The Control of the Purdue Television Station, W9XG.” Use north entrance. —REYNOLDS.
PIA Meiv’s ChorUs: No meeting Wednesday night because of Thanksgiving vacation. Meet next Monday at 7:80 p. m. in room 807 of the Union. —SMULEVITZ.
^ Independent Students: Thpse students desiring to work on the PIA geographical survey report to PIA office at 4:80 p. m. any afternoon this week. —SMULEVITZ.
Skull and Crescent: Compulsory meeting at 4 p. m. at the north door of the Armory on Friday, November 22. That bonfire has to be built, fellows. Be there. —LANIUS.
YWCA Cabinet: No meeting this week. Next meeting on Thursday, November 28. —BRYANT.
Purdue Christian Foundation: 'Thanksgiving party Thursday, November 21, at the Lafayette Christian Church at 7:80 p. m. Recreation will be led by George King and Martha Jane Gettinger, and Jean Steigerwald will lead folk dances and refreshments will be served. This party is open to all foundation members and anyone else. The charge will be 16 cents each. —HUNTER.
Notices
Novice Pistol: Students to fire in the sixth novice pistol group may sign up in the supply room of the Armory. This will be the last group of the year. 12-1. —BROWN.
Newman Club: Discqpsion groups mee. Monday and Wednesday, November 18 and 20, at 7:30 p. m. in room 261 of the Union. —LUDRIS.
Scabbard and Blade: Pledge meeting at 7 am. Wednesday at the Armory. Wear uniform and be prepared I —BLACKWELL
Players on the Black team are: Barbara Ford, Gloria Payne, Harriett Campbell, Kathryn Ade,' Marjorie Ward, Betty Van Nice, Myra McKee, Gail Hennis, Margaret Meltzer, Helene Houston, Olive ^etzger, and Emily Lloyd. The Gold players are: Opal Blagrave, Eileen Westover, Jean Stei-'^ gerwald, Vera Chapman, Virginia Pitch, Monica Buergler, Mary Laswell, Mary Pidgeon, Shirley Johnson, Elsa Schmeltekopf, Betty Miller, and Shirley Emhoff. m.k.b.
Co-ed Riflery: No shooting Wednesday, November 20, or Thursday, November 21. Teams scheduled for these two nights can shift make-ups next week —BLAGRAVE.
Debris Sophomore Salesmen: Will the following persons please turn in all sales money received from sales and salesbooks Friday, November 22, at 4 p m at the Debris business office: Harold Cook, Harry Nelson, Jack Roberts, Steve Minton, Rose Malcolm, Jpe Irvin, George Foot, Bill Coughlin, Kay Weber, Oliver Held, Dick Saxton, Mary Jane Burton, Magdeline Fantone, Jean Moses, Bill Fletcher, Herb Bretzloff, John Ely, Walter Wilson, Jane Magnum, Barbara Johnson, Patty Hofftt, Marjorie Ballard, Hazel Topping, and Cary Club salesmen There will be no meeting on Wednesday, November 20 It is very important that you be at the office Friday, November 22 —LANCET.
All Students: Meeting of the Union Art Club Wednesday, November 20, at 7:80 p. m. in the Union sub-basement room 84. All old members and others interested are cordially invited. 5 —PARKS.
Classified Ads
FOR RENT Ruaa-Rent-A-Car Service. Care for all oeeasioas. Min. 62.50 all night. Phone, 2407.
Rifle Club ’ The Rifle Club meeting will be held in room 104 of the Fieldhouse Wednesday, November 20, at 7 30 p m —SCOTT
Camera Club: Meeting, Wednesday, November 20, at 7:30 p m in room 203 Exhibits will be returned to their owners and judge’s Comments given Everyone welcome —GEPHART
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.50. Office supplies. Mimeograph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
FOR SALE 300 tickets $1; 1000 for $2 ; other printing
a
lOMES THBOIJGH WIl
FLAGSHIP SKYHIGH
TWO NEW POLISH SHADES... 8KYHIGH...fragile but flippant, the shade American Airlines stewardesses wear...FLAGSHIP, a deep, true red to send your ■plrits soaring. SIXTY CENTS
c/oeAbi
STOP HUNTING
THAT DEBRIS SALESMAN
There will be o desk by the Sweet Shop of the Union today. This is your LAST CHANCE to get your 1941 Debris for $4.00.
(DeJb/uA,
"Vjv JthsL ^IThodsAii. TyiannsuC
i9