Cotillion Tickets Today
Pii/uLiA
X.ISS
Founded In 1889
Xp04ie4U m Daily Sinco 1906 '
Volume 52, No. 123
West Lcdoyette, Indiana
Wednesday, Febniory 26, 1611
Remaining Sophomore Cotillion Tickets Go On Sale In Cashier's Office Today The remaining unsold tickets for the Sophomore Cotillion will go on sale this morning at 8:30 o’clock at the cashier’s office. According to an announcement made yesterday by Skull and Crescent, sophomore honorary fraternity sponsoring the cotillion, only sixty more couples will have a chance to dance to the svelt music of Dick Jurgens and his famous band Friday night from 9 p. m. to 1 a. m. in both Union ballrooms. Any tmivexsity student may pur- -i.!.,—,
chase one of these sixty tickets on presentation of his passport and $2.00 at the cashier’s office. Contrary to a recent campus rumor the tickets for Cotillion cannot be purchased from any member of SkuU and Crescent; but must be called for personally pt the cashier’s office. From Aragmi Dick Jurgens and his orchestra come to Cotillion directly from a long engagement at the Aragon ballroom in Chicago. Jurgen’s lilting vocalist, Hairy Cool and his featured instnunentalists, Carl Brandt, Buddy Moreno, Lou Quad-Co-eAs will have two o’clock hours for the Sophomore Cotillion, Friday, February 28. ling, and Frank Seher also will be present to share the limelight with the young maestro Friday night at 9 o’clock when the orchestra plstys the opening strains of its signature, "Daydreams.” Talent Plentiful Jurgens is famous for his fine aggregation of versatile and talented vocalists and musicians. Carl Brandt, handsome yoimg saxaphonist, also plays the violin specialties for the orchestra. Harry Cool, six foot four of flowing baritone, is considered as one of the most popular entertainers with Jurgens. Buddy Moreno, featured soloist, doubles oiji the guitar for the band. d.t.b. Eighty Greenkeepers To End Short Course Survey This Afternoon Eighty greenkeepers from the country clubs and golf courses in Indiana and surrounding states have registered for the two day short ' course, which will close this afternoon. 'The closing meetings will concern a general discussion among the greenkeepers and the University staff members. This morning’s sessions will begin at nine o’clock with a talk illustrated with slides by O. J. Noers, fertilizer expert. Other meetings will concern chemical control of weeds and an architect’s views on the essentials for a golf course. Dr. John Monteith, Jr., of Washington, D. C., will be one of the speakers. Lambert Speaks The annual greenkeepers banquet was held last night. Dr. W. V. Lambert, associate director of the Etxperiment Station spoke on the new experiments and how they affect the men who keep the golf courses in playing condition. C. H. Robertson, local golf enthusiast, followed by ^‘rummaging through the attic of golf history.” Joe Ei Steckel, graduate assistant in agronomy opened the annual meetings yesterday, by discussing his work of laboratory soil tests. The afternoon meetings were lead by Dr. George D. Scarseth of the agfronomy department on maintenance turf problems. e.w.n. Students To Give Classical Program In Music Room A program of classical music will be presented in the Music Room of the Union on Sunday, March 2, from 4 to 6 p. m. The compositions, both solos and group pieces, will be played by students. That is the first program of the semester. ItOst semester the afternoon recitals were presented often, and were well-attended by musiclovers. They are sponsored by the Union. a.m.p.
Careless
//
.From All Fronts.
Today's Suinmai^ Ann Ostrander Chosen As
Of War News I
To ChiesKo Daily News Forelsn Service. Oopiycight, 1940. Cbieaco Daily News, InO British warplanes raced again toward the continent yesterday, following the blasting Monday night of the German submarine and naval base at Brest. A 10,000-ton cruiser, berthed in the harbor, was a target.
Indoor Track Beauty Queen
David M. Nichol, in a dispatch from Berlin, quoted the Nazi party organ as commenting on Hitler’s speech; “The Fuehrer knows that we are getting impatient. He knows that not only his millions of soldiers, but the entire German nation, await the day.”
One thousand planes—^half the air strength with which Italy entered the war—^have been lost by II Duce in the Mediterranean area, the British estimated yesterday.
Greece will carry on the fight “until the Italians are out of Albania,” a government spokesman asserted in Athens yesterday.
... “My Last Goodbye,” “Cecilia,” and “A Million Dreams Ago” are just a few of the tunes made popular by Dick Jurgens and his outstanding band of entertainers. Carl Brandt, pictured above, is the first sax-man in the orchestra, and also doubles on the violin for the Jurgens’ aggregation.
Professor R. Hal[ Will Speak Tonight At Defense Convo Extensive Research Shows U. S. Weakness Speaking at the fourth of the series of defense lectures being held at the University, Robert B. Hall, professor of geography at the University of Michigan, will talk on “America’s Economic Dependence on South Eastern Asia” tonight at 7:30 in the Hall of Music. One of the outstanding authorities in the field of geography, specializing in the geography of the Far East, Professor Hall has directed a number of geographical expeditions to the Orient and has written extensively on the resources of that area. In his lecture Professor Hall will discuss the importance to the United States and also to Japan and Germany of such materials as silk, rubber, hemp, tin, and quinine. No admission will be charged for the lecture which is open to all students, faculty members, and townspeople. r.l.h. Co-ed Activities Topic Of AWS Discussions Women students who live in co-op houses or private homes are particularly invited to attend the AWS meeting in the Union at 7:30 tomorrow night when Miss Glare Goolidge, assistant dean of women, will discuss “The Go-ed and Her Activities on the Gampus,” and Rabbi Meyer H. Simon will speak on “The Woman and Her Activities in the Gommunity.” Rabbi Simon’s talk should be especially interesting to senior women. Martha Doherty is in charge of the meeting, which is being sponsored by the House Presidents Gouncil Division of AWS. All women students are invited. m.k.b. JUNIOR WOMEN / Please stop In room 212 of Union Wednesday or Thursday, February 26-27, between S and 6 p. n. CmtoU.
Driving the Italians 110 miles before them in two days, British Empire troops have captured the port of Brava, 100 miles along the Somaliland coast from Mogadiscio. Ethiopian irregulars have taken Moyale.
“The immediate outcome of the war in the Balkans depends—^it would seem—^upon who gets to Salonika first, the Germans or the Australians,” Edgar Ansel Mowrer said yesterday in a dispatch from Washington.
“A single estimate of the number of tanks already across the border, obtained from one who claimed to be an eyewitness, amounted to 400,” radioed George Weller yesterday from Sofia.
“None of Japan’s recent political and military maneuvers have weakened in the slightest the firm stand of the Netherlands East Indies in the negotiations here with a Japanese economic mission,” radioed A. T. Steele yesterday from Batavia.
“Reorganization of the French cabinet, announced yesterday, marks the end—at least as far as the French are concerned—of the lull in Franco-German relations,” radioed Paul Ghali yesterday from Vichy. Naval Officers Send In Recommendations For Approval Today Naval officers visiting the campus to examine applicants for commissions in the Naval Reserve, will complete their mission at the University today and send their recommendations to the Naval Department in Washington for final approval. 110 Fail To date 227 of the 269 juniors and seniors applying for Ensign’s commissions under the plan have taken the physical examination. Of this number 110 failed to meet tha rigid Requirements set up by the Naval Department for acceptance. Interviews with Naval officers have been accorded 102 men. There are still a number of the applicants who have not taken either the physical examination or who have not been interviewed. These students will be examined this morning. While the University quota was originally set at 280 men, it is thought that because of the failure <ff many to pass the physical examination probably only about 120 will be accepted by the Naval Department from the University. r.lJi. Theta Xi ... social fraternity, has elected Robert L. Hall for president.
Kelly Will Present Marriage Lecture The annual series of six marriage lectures will be continued tomorrow at 4 p. m. in the Education Building, when Professor E. L. Kelly presents for discussion the second talk in the group, “Problems of Pre-Marital Adjustment.” The subject will include views on coiurtship, “petting,” and observed proprieties of both pre- and post-engagement behaviors. Although the proposal to augment the three-hour marriage course with these lectures has been postponed until next year, a plan of inviting religious leaders to conduct one meeting is under way, and is likely to be acted upon soon. The next four lectures will be open to Juniors, principally because, due to the draft, a large percentage of men and women may be forced to drop out of school next year. 1 m.s, Winterrowd Contest For Book Collection Deadline Saturday Deadline for the Winterrowd book collection contest has been set for March 1. This contest, sponsored by Wm. Winterrowd, ’07, President of the Purdue Alumni Association, and vice-president of the Baldwin Locomotive Works, pays $100 to the senior owning the best book collection, and $36 for the second best. Entry blanks may be obtained at Professor Frank Hall’s office in the Recitation building. Winterrowd has been sponsoring this contest since its origination in 1935, with the purpose of encouraging better reading by students. The judging committee is made up of faculty members, headed by Prof. Hall of the economics, history, and government departments. Gollections will be judged on the following points; (1) The size or cost of the collection is not as important as its quality and the familiarity of the owner with contents of his books. (2) Well-edited books printed by responsible publishers are more desirable than showy books made to sell rather than read. (3) The collection should reflect an intelligent knowledge of the books in the field of the owner’s personal and professional interests. (4) In an informal discussion, the owner shall show his acquaintance with the books in his library and his ability to tell why he has selected the particular books or editions. (6) A reasonably large portion of these books must have been bought by the student himself. Concert Choir Will Sing in indianapoiis This Week Goncert Ghoir, under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, will fill two engagements in Indianapolis Thursday and Friday evenings. 'The first performance is to be given in Galeb Mills Hall at Shortridge High School. The second is a return engagement at the Oriental Lodge. Much time has been given to the preparation for the concert in Galeb Mills Hall. Highlight of the evening is to be the rendition of “Ballad for Americans” by LaTouche and Robinson, featmdng baritone Wallace Woodrow in a solo part with choir background. Appearing at the Oriental Lodge the following evening, the choir will present the sanqie program they gave last fall before the lodgemen, This will enable the members of the lodge to play host to their wives with the entertainment provided by the Goncert Choir. JJ.
Ann Ostrander
Gala Week Features 'The College Widow' In Honor Of Geo. Ade Music Organizations Will Be In Production Feature attraction of Gala Week this year will be the Varsity Show, “The College Widow,” to be presented May 1 and 3. This production was written in the early 1900’s by George Ade, ’87, famous humorist and playwright, and is being given in his honor. The musical organizations and the Playshop, under Albert P. Stewart, director of musical organizations, and Prof. H. Eenn Carmichael, Director of Drama, will combine their efforts in the production of this show. Play Remodeled “The College Widow,” in its first performances in the 1900’s, was pronounced very successful. It has been brought up to date and, according to plans approved by the University, promises to be bigger and more magnificent than ever. All that remains is the casting before rehearsals get under way. Along with the annual University Open House on May 2, the “Varsity Show” will add another factor of entertainment to Gala Week. Students Only The first show, to be held on Thursday, May 1, will be for students only. Passports will be necessary for admittance on this date. On Saturday evening. May 3, the doors will be open to the general public. Ticket prices will be announced later in the Exponent, b.h. I Education Students Will Hear 6. E. Davis Professor G. E. Davis of the department of education and applied psychology will speak in room 201 of the Education Building on Wednesday, March 5, at 8:00 p. m. on the subject of “Teachers’ Jobs: How to Get Them and What to Do With Them.” A discussion of questions from the audience concerning the field of teaching will follow the lecture. Dr. Davis will discuss points, of vital importance to juniors and seniors in education, apd the meeting will be open to all interested students. Blappa Delta Pi, education l^onorary, la sponsoring the lecture in cooperation with tKe teachers’ placement office. r.l.h. Exponent Staff Thera wiU be a meeting alt freshmen and sophomores on the editorial and co-ed staffs today at 4:15 p. m. in the office.
Court Of Four Also Selected By Ted Clark Ann Ostrander was selected yesterday afternoon to preside as Beauty Queen of the Big Ten indoor track and field championships, which will be held here the week-end of March 7 and 8. The Gimlet Club, composed primarily of senior varsity team managers and other athletic boosters, in addition to other leading campus activity men were in charge of the judging. Rusty Layson, President of the Student Senate, presided over the meeting and led in the conducting of an Simulation type of balloting system. Committee The committee, chosen by Athletic Director Elward, includes Ted Axton, P-Men’s Club President; Bud Taylor, SAA President; Bob Donahue, Editor-in-Ghief of the Exponent; Joe Dolan, Sports Editor ai the Exponent; A. B. Clark, Student Union President; Bill Nettler and Bob Colquhoun, Senior Football Managers; Rog Bone and Harley Wheeler, Senior Track Managrers; John Davis and Gil Eegerries, S^or Baseball Managers; Bob Brown, Debris Editor; Bob Breedon, Dditis Business Manager and Mai Ross, WBAA. Nominations were made by each sorority selecting one girl and each residence hall two girls. PIA nom^ inated four girls at large and SCA two girls at large, with the committee making the final selection. Supporting Cast Miss Ostrander, a resident of West Lafayette and one of the most attractive girls on the campus, wiU be supported by a court of four, namely, Vivian Peterson, Sylvia Pittman, Roberta Glezen and Barbara Hyman. Approximately 20 nominees were submitted to the committee, with the original number being r^uced to five by gradual eliminaUon. It was then decided that the one receiving the most votes would become queen and the remaining four her court. Coach Hermon Phillips plans to have the name of each event winner in the indoor meet annosnced over the public address systmn. The lucky lads wUl then proceed to the victory platform where Ann will leave her throne long enough to pin a medal on their heaving chests. Carnival—^Not Track Meet Plans- have also been formulated to give the affair a carnival appearance, rather than have it seem an ordinary'track meet. Bannms and pennants of aU Western Conference schools will hang from the balconies, while streamers, bunting ewd flags will lend.ft4|Beling of cmasmeb' ness to the large indoor arena. Boh Stanley, a brilliant runner and possessor of a fine singing voices wfil stand alone in the center of ^e Fieldhouse and sing “The Sfaw, Spangled Banner.” Aa Bob stands in his track suit with a spotlight upon him, an American Flag, 40 feet long, will be raised to the rafters. Prior to the solo irenditkm of tiie National Anthem, four trun^petera will open the carnival with a stnew ring fanfare. Maroon sawdust, contrasted with white tmes ^ the dash and hurdle lanes should ghre the striking appearance of a csairpeted floor. CosmqfmlitanC/ub ... will present aplay, “Entecnat* tional ^view,” Saturday, March 1, at S:30 in the south haBrocm of the Union. This play will feature a cast made up entirely of fwceign etMh dents. It will consist (d songs aad dances including rhumbas. Umne. Chinese baUads and <^kier fotalHi Uf interesting entertainmenbftuinfhc^ eign lands.fia^2‘CobtninA
Wednesday, Febiiicory 26, 1941
fijoJulm, £xfionanL
II r M K
Pnrdue^s % interesting ^ People By Donna Siess
?
Are you it? Are you that interesting person who has hitch-hiked some few thousand miles during a short span of years, written a number of verses which are now secretly filed in some obscure place, hobnobbed with kings and diplomats, collected fish eyes and screwjigs? Or then again, perhaps you’re plain Johnny Jones who ‘jest growed’; yet d^pite this obstacle, you are still an interesting person. Taking over the role of super sleuths, we’re on your trail. With 13 as the lucky number, we’re instigating a new procedure. So all of you 1 o’clock Tuesday class cutters, you fortunate ones with no 1 o’clock classes, or you other unclassifieds, who find yourselves unoccupied at 1 on Tuesday, one of you is bound to be it. The result? you find yourself revealed in this column. At 1 o’clock every third Tuesday, with our counting abilities sharp-
i-HURRY-
-LAST TIMES TODAYTbe Laugh Panic! Mr. and Mrs. Smith
¥rith
CAROLE LOMBARD ROBERT MONTGOMERY gene RAYMOND
Starts TOMORROW — DOUBLE FEATURE —
/MSffUAUV£
idjU^v DaredevH donblM
Antrim rbk their nvw •^loriliectarel
KBirTAYlOR IHMHAVIS RKOIABIOKcIM PLUS-
MONEY AND THE WITH JEFFREY LYNN BRENDA MARSHALL
COMING Meet the Wodd't Greatest Lover—In Person— On the Screen! UL ABNER
LASTDAY —2HITSI
--THORS. FRI.-SAT.-BORIS KARLOFF IN "The Devil Commands'
ALSO-
3 MESQUITEERS IN 'Covered Wagon Days'
Caimidiael Will Discuss Theater Art This Evening The Art Club is inviting all students who are interested in theater arts to attend their bi-monthly meeting at 7:80 p. m., in the Green Room at Fowler Hall. This club has invited Prof. H. Eenn Carmichael, Director of Drama, to speak at the meeting. He Will speak on topics pertinent to theater arts after which he will lead a discussion in this field. The purpose of this discussion is to further the interest of students toward the activities offered by this organization. Following the meeting the Art Club will watch a rehearsal of “Night Must Fall.” e,m.s. Shreve Will Talk On Gems At AIME Tomorrow Night Prof. R. N. Shreve will speak at a meeting of the AIME tomorrow in Room 302 of the Chem and Met Building. His subject will be “Precious and Semi-Precious Jewels.” Dr. D. A. Bovee’s special science group are invited to attend the meeting. Colored slides will be shown, and there will be a display of a collection of gems. j.l. ened to 13, we shall proceed over the campus until the thirteenth person comes into our ken. The next morning upon opening the Exponent to page 2, you will be in print. Will you be the thirteenth? Next Tuesday, we’re on the trail, and until then —yours for more interest— "Random Harvest" ... by James Hilton, will be the subject of a book review by Kathrym Toumeygarten, tonight at 8 o’clock m the Union. The talk, which will be held in the North Ballroom, is the first of two lectures, sponsored by the Tri Kappa sorority.
ARC
—LAST TIMES TODAY-
iGCKFCli
aSAR ROMERO
— AND
■ ALSO
'GREEN ARCHER' Chapter 2
-THURS.-FRI.-SAT.-SPECIAL INSPECTOR ONE MAN'S LAW WINNERS OF THE WEST FIRST RUN NEWS
•tantegr nobody bat BDME UBERT 'Ond Mt gpoebl MomobodV lOAN USUE
iUIIRIU mUIlllUlllDIGAII jowum
LAST DAY ZANE GREY’S ROBERT YOONG
RCA Laboratory Head Will Speak At Sigma Xi Dr. V. K. Zworykin, of the RCA Research Laboratories, will speak on the “Electronic Microscope,” on Thursday, March 6, at 7:30 p. m., at the Sigma Xi meeting in Stanley Coulter Hall. Zworykin’s lecture will concern the scope of the new microscope, 20 to 60 times more powerful than the ordinary light microscope, in opening new fields in science research. He will show photographs of several kinds of minute particles magnified up to 100,000 times with the aid of the instrument. Educated At Petrograd Holder of 74 U. S. patents, Zworykin has made many contributions to radio and television. He received his higher education at Petrograd Institute of Technology where he received his first degree in electrical engineering, and College de France, Paris. Since then he has received a Ph D at University of Pittsburgh, a D Sc from the Brooklyn Polytechnic Institute. In 1929 he became director of the RCA Electronic Research Laboratory. In 1934 he received the Morris Liebman Memorial Prize and was given the Overseas Premium from the Institution of Electrical Engineers (British). Last year he was awarded the American Pioneer Prize, w.m.c Kappa Alpha Theta . .. social sorority, annoimces the election of the following oflicers: Eleanor Miller, president; Mary Jane Bird, vice-president; Marilyn Fifield, treasurer; Marietta Darnell, recording secretary; Betty Lewis, corresponding secretary; Joan Jackson and Jacquelyn Decker, co-rush chairmen; Peggy Davis, social chairman; and June Close, chaplain. Aeromodelers Will Meet In Union At 7:30 Tonight The Aeromodelers Club will meet for the first time this semester at 7:30 p. m. today in rbom 356 of the Union. The purposes and functioning of the club will then be explained to the new members. Motion pictures of the National Model Airplane contest, which were recently shown at a meeting of builders in Chicago, will also be shown. Plans for an indoor meet which will be held in March will be discussed. p.
PRIVATE LESSONS BY APPOINTMENT IN BALLROOM DANCING LEARN TO DO STRAIGHT DANCING—PHONE 2150 P. M. ALLEN NATIONALLY KNOWN INSTRUCTOR RATES REASONABLE ALLEN’SfiTH & FERRY
iofmeni —THURS.-FRI.-SAT.—
Dangerous as a drifting mine! Exciting as a Sailor's spree!
EUGENE O'NEiU'S The LONG VOYAGE HOME
JOHN THOMAS IAN WMTNE • MlfCHEIl* HUNtER £
LAST DAY
Plenty of this thing caned fwii ROSALIND MBLVYN BOSSEUDODI
The ^th Colnum
We passed our physical examination for the Naval Reserve yesterday. After a couple of hours of thumping, inspecting and listening the Navy discovered to our amazement that we were' sound of wind and limb. And disgustingly healthy. * * e The only thing that wonries ns now is Hie little question in fine type at the bottom of the sheet that asks if the applicant is in good enough shape to do service at sea. Answered by YES. IF IF * When we were piped aboard this movement it was with no burning desire to Join the Navy and see the world. Through a range finder, port hole, or otherwise. It is our belief that the chamber of commerce’s idea for patronizing home industry is best. And being staunch supporters of business, we figure it is our duty to . . . See America first. •F * >F Some of the boys had a little trouble with the eye test. They just couldn’t seem to locate the chart without their glasses. Which they found was quite a handicap . .. In reading the fourth line. * * * And what made it even tougher was the test for color blindness. The double crossing examiners had a folder with numbers in colored dots on both sides. Thereby increasing the memory work fifty percent. « * * The doctors found a few boys with murmuring hearts
The Purdue Exponent
Entered w Meond eI«M matter nt tbe poet ^ee la Lafayette, Indtaaa, under the act of Consreaa ef Mar^ a, 1870, and at the tpeeial rate of xwatace prorlded for ia •eetion 1108, aet of October 8,1017, anthori^ January SO. 1822. Publiahed dally caaept Monday durlas the repular academic year and weekly dorins the Summer Seecion. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mall auh^ ■eription $8.60 Kdltor-ln-Chlef. B. W. Donahae Bualneta Maaaaap— MuU Bacamarer PubllcatieM Staff Newu Editor J. JL McKee Managing Jitter,..— ,,^-,,--0- K. Hci^e Aaeoeiate Edltma: M. A. Ochiltree, J. A, PnewiL lTw. Rnffner, B. H. Skallerap, J. L. Traagott. BusiiMM Staff Lecal Advcrtlaiag Manageta i D. f. Powen, O. 0. Laaden; Promotion Manager, C. F. Draglemaiee; Aeeoanta Manager, M. JT. Sbadfordi CireniatioB Mmuiger, B. M. Beektmindd. Co-ad Staff HHltor—. _ ■ ■ ■ Ee^ Mhnpaoa Aaaoeiate Editomi Mary Kaj Miller, Euth See*, Donna Sieaa. Sporta Staff Editor^ jr. p. Dolan Aaeoeiate SdltUm: J. F. AdaUdran, F. 0. Jehuaoa, B. O. Swalm. Phonaat Editorial 4005; Bininaw 503S; Sporta 2792 Ewreaented for national advertialng by National Ad-' verhbing Servlet Ine., College PubUaheiu Ktorweatatlvee, 48$ Madiaon Avo.. New York, N. Y, Staff For Itila laaoo Night Editor: Miller Aaalataati Amoa Night Sporta Editor: AdaaMoa Staff: £. W. Nordlinger, M. Swarta, B. Hoaklaa, H. Boynton, M. L. Losey. K. T. Eberts, B. Clark, B. U Hadley, J. Lepman. A. Prantner, M. L. Hyde, L. M. Stettenbens, S. E. Craigmile.
too. And spent quite some time listening in arith their little line tappers. Which keeps those boys out of the Navy, but isn’t so bad if they can just convince the thing . . . To whisper to the draft board too.—dkh '
All-Campus Musicians Complete Preparation For Annual Concert Tuesday evening, March 4, at 8 o’clock m the Hall of Music, the Symphonic Band, Concert Choir, Men’s Glee Club and the University Orchestra will present under conductors Paul S. Emrick, Albert P. Stewart and Joseph M. Ragains the annual all - campus - talent musical concert. “Spots” Emrick’s baton will lead the Symphonic Band in the opening number and will also direct the grand finale by the combined Concert Choir. A campus premiere of the “Ballad for Americans” with Wallace Woodrow, Senior ChE, as baritone soloist will be given by the Concert Choir. Vernon Westburg, EE ’41, concert master of the University Orchestra, will play two violin solos. Soloists from the Concert Choir will include: Albert Schmadel, Marvin Smith, Charlotte Friend Stewart. VERY SPECIAL
Women Deans Elect Alice Lloyd Proxy Alice Lloyd, Dean of Women at the University of Michigan, was recently elected president of the National Association of Deans of Women at their annual convention held in Atlantic City, New Jersey. Dean Lloyd was elected for a two-year term to succeed Sarah G. Blanding, Dean of Women at the University of Kentucky. Both of these distinguished women have visited our campus at various times. Dean Lloyd spoke this year at Courtesy Week, and Dean Blanding addressed women students during the Vocational Guidance Conference sponsored last November by AWS. p.s. Camera Club Shows Slides At Meeting Tomorrow Professor J. H. Bowman of the Electrical Engineering school will show natural color slides for the Camera Club at their meeting tomorrow night. Professor Bowman has approximately 126 slides which were taken during an 11,000 mile tour of the United States. The slides include scenes from ten national parks. Showing of the slides will begin at 7:30 in room 304 of the Union. Faculty and students may attend whether or not they are members of the club. w.g.h.
Temple university has 669 NYA students.
"MORNING GLORY'^
nSECENAP SHOWER CURTAINS Every woman who takes pride In har home, please note! Kleinert's gorgeously printed Fleecenap is 25% less for a short time only! The same veivety-textured fabric you may have admired before, the same rich colors and designs that give Fleecenap an aura
of luxury.
Of course, you know it's popular with men because its natural weight keeps It from sticking together and blowing
around the tub
“Morning Glory" Is a fresh design in silver and color on pastels, Scattered, over-sized flowers make a new decorating note Matching window drapes are
available
(laelh.
Curtain Shop
Third Floor
The Ration 3.93 ) • • to 1
Well, here we are again after a big week-end with a few more pins as usual. The Phi Mus have been doing okay lately on this pin business. Anne Pierce took Jack Hopkin’s Acacia pin, and Barbara Lafar received a ring from Robert Bancroft. Congratulations. Speaking of rings, Kappa Betty Morris came back from a nice ten day vacation at Annapolis with a miniature. Don’t envy her the ring, but the vacation would be nice. You kno>^, think we’re going to quit publicizing these pins and rings ’cause they always seem to get us in trouble. The people either don’t like to be talked about or else they don’t like the way wo talk about them, so we can’t win. Annabelle “Skippm:’' Jfoooks is doing a good job being the sweetheart of the Phi Psi house and the Exponent office all at the same time. Dusty Rhodes is holding Skipper’s reins right now, but Dick Shadford and BiU MacDonald are in there pitchin’. Maybe they’re just looking to the future. You know, we’ve had records for fast work around here, but here’s a horse of a different color. ATO Dick Keilman was initiated one day last week while his girl. Alpha Chi Peachy Weist, waited out in back for him. Well, it took Dick just eight minutes after he was initiated to run outside and plant the jewelry on Peachy. T^t’s speed for you. Saw in the paper the other day where this co-ed at Michigan, who raised such a stink a while back with her reasons why she hated men, is expecting a baby. Just goes to show you that everybody’s human. 4-H Club Diredor Speaks At Ag Education Meeting About sixty members of the Agricultural Educatiem Society were present at the regular meeting of the society last evening. Following a business session Harry Ainsworth, associate state director of 4-H clubs, spoke on the “Place of Vocational Agricultui’al Teachers in the Rural Youth Movement.” Ainsworth stressed the point that ooimty rural youth gri^oups should be organized into part-time training groups supervised by a vocational agriculture teacher, r.l.h.
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute IS planning to build an astronOmicial obseryatory.
% 4
i n %
r KX
^ ^ i#f.
t % l> k t i; > It
A
^, ,W If I
fittSubjUL £xfymaHL
Wednesday; February 26« 1B41
fio/^ 3 • iSjpwtf^-
ii
i r^l
IT
?
Wrestling And Tank Teams Oppose Cream And Crimson
Indiana Swimmers Invade Fieldhouse
Tracksters Prime
Pod This Evening FOf Tough HoOSler
Splashing through the lanes of the Fieldhouse pool tonfght, Coach Dick PapengUth’s Boilermaker mermen will attempt to regain a little prestige in the swiinming world at the expense of the Cream and Crimson tank squad. Seek Revenge iThe local lads are not only out for the, win, but also are out to avenge the last yeaPs dual meet set-back which the Indiana team handed them dpwn at ^loomington. The invaders ’have ^n^dge of victories over the Riveters in the history of tank-rivalry between the two schools, however, Coach PapengUth’s men are expected to show plenty of the power and drive needed for victory when the two teams meet tonight. It is hard to judge Indiana’s tank strength due to the small number of schools they have met this year. Although defeated by the Huntington YMCA swimmers and the Illinois squad, they still have an impressive roster. Bermeditti, a sprintman who does all three strokes exceptionally well, and Klaffs, a breast-stroker of no minority, have provided plenty of zip to the Hoosiers. Both are former Lane Tech men with plenty of experience. Good Divers Other mainstays are Pakucko, who, although a middle distance free-styler, is very good at all distances, and Boaz, "top-notch backstroker. Van Duren is another outstanding middle-distance swimmer, and Hall and Steffe, I. U. divers, are expected to give Papenguth’s Frank Farkas and Harry Ochstein a strong race. The Gold and Black is depending a lot upon the services of Jack Carney, Dick Kratzer.^ Fred Herr, and Chuck Siler, free stylers, Joe Williamson and Egbert Tingley, breast-stroke artists, and Ted Anderson, back-stroker, to chalk up the points in tonight’s meet. Other members of the squad will include McCay, McCredy, Ancker, Kusko, and Erueck. Coach Papenguth asserted that although the Ohio State meet last week ended up with the Boilermakers on the short end of a 61-33 score, many of the times were better than usual, and that since that meet constant work-outs have given the local tank-men even better drive. Starts At 7:30 The meet tonight will start with
Run Here Saturday Bjringing about 22 trackmen with him, Indiana Coach E. C. Hayes will lead the powerful Hoosier cinder path delegation into the Fieldhouse Saturday afternoon for a relay meet with the vastly improved team of Coach Hermon Phillips. The Boilermaker runners will be almost at full strength, a fact which threatens to give the Cream and Crimson, recent victors over Notre Dame, a closer battle than Hiey had previously planned upon. Team In Good Shape Ted Tycocki,. recovered from an ankle injury sustained when the Lansing, Michigan lad stumbled over a hurdle, hopes to be back in his old form in the dashes and the broad jump. With Red Carter and Captain Ed Holderman eligible to compete in their respective specialties, pole vault and middle distance and distance runs, inactive members now boil down to Art Edwards and Charley Smith. Edwards, who holds the Riveter record at 12 feet, 11 inches in the pole vault will definitely not be eligible this semester. Smith, a promising sophomore quarter-miler, may remove his scholastic deficiency in time to participate in the Indiana meet. Weber Improving Lloyd Me Eachern, soph high jumper from Wellsville, New York, is back in active competition after straightening out his academic difficulties. Jake Weber is throwing the shot as far as he ever did before. In the recent triangular meet at Iowa he tossed the lead ball 44 feet, 1 inch and may do better now that his injured ankle, rested after his leave from basketball is in shape again. o.t.c. ^ Dr. S. £. Maddigan . . . was presented with the Institute of Mel^ls award at the annual American Institute of Mining and Metallurgical Engineers’ Banquet in New York. His paper which won the award was entitled “Recovery and Recrystalization.” Maddigan is a graduate of the University and was an assistant in physics department here.
the Indiana and host teams hitting the water promptly at 7:30 p. m. All students will be admitted by passport. d.e.b.
Deluxe Shampoo and Finger Waye..S0c Permanent Waves $2.50 to $7.50 CO-ED BEADir SIEOII Phone 3718 210 N. Ofh St.
Nationol Favorite for a year at $X7S A/oua M.39! In the Nottonsd dook Award EdUlIon
Hew Green Wos My Valley
Seleoted an ilie moot sattsfsring nov^ ol the year bylhe Booknellem dE Amerioa WEHECOMMENDrr. DECKER’S
518 Main St.
Phone 5036
Matmen Travel To Bloomington After 2 Straight Losses In a vain effort to regain their winning stride, the Riveter matmen will tangle with the strong Indiana squad tonight at 7 :S0 at Bloomington. -After winning four straight matches, t h e ^ Boilermakers lost to Northwestern and Illinois over the week-end; so they will be gunning for this one. Lose To Illinois Monday afternoon at Champaign the gruntmen were outclassed by a much more experienced Illini squad. Incidentally, four of the eight Illinois men were seniors, while the Riveters Could boast of only one. Also, it seemed that the breaks were favoring the Illini. The same squad that went to Illinois will make the trip to Bloomington tomorrow. However, Coach Reeck annoounced that Britt, in the 156 pound class, and Papurka, the 145 pounder may alternate. Two Riveter men who should give a good account of themselves tomorrow are Fredricks, the National AAU champion in the 121 pound class, and Foster in the 136 pound event. Against the Illinois matmen Tuesday, Fredericks was the only Purdue man to gain a decision, while Foster held his man to a draw. Both men have been leading the Boilermakers in point-making all season. Indiana Ranked High This year’s Indiana squad, which is made up almost entirely of seniors, is ranked as one of the best in the country. Antonacci, the 121 pounder of the Hoosier team, is the National Inter-Collegiate Champion; so the match between he and Fredericks of the Boilermakers should be one of the best of the evening. Also waiting the arrival of the riveter matmen will be two Big Ten Champs: Lazzarain in the 0
By Joseph Patrick Dolan Not that it matters! For the first time in many, many moons, the conference basketball title seems to be destined for a foreign land, Wisconsin to be exact, which is rather hard to take when you’re a Hoosier, and again it’s harder still when the Badgers made the bold statement last October that they would win the conference basketball toga this season. —I-I— You see, last football season a sports editor from Wisconsin told yours truly that Wisconsin would defeat Purdue that day. Purdue led at that time by seven points. His name is Marty Siegrist, and he runs the sports page of the Daily Cardinal, at U of W. He told me at the time that the Badgers thought they i-eally had something for this season’s basketball fans to watch. As a matter of hilarity for myself, he told me that he thought the Badgers could get by Purdue and Indiana and win the conference easily. I laughed at him, as would any other Hoosier, because . . . —I-I— If Indiana could defeat Purdue twice, and Purdue could wallop any other team in the conference, who, then, could wrench Hoosier basketball. My face is jolly red now, but congratulations, Wisconsin, and you may rest assured that one Piggy Lambert and his road show will do all in their power to knock the heyday out of the Hoosiers this Saturday and give you Badgers the undisputed title, even if you lose your last game to Minnesota. —I-I— Speaking of Minnesota, the Go-
165 pound division and Wilson in the 136 pound class. According to Coach Reeck, the match tonight should be a very good one, but he mentioned the fact that''the added experience of the Hoosier squad may help decide the outcome.
■ T :
HMtfs ttie
^ m team f
Adictoes Moaiiw*' M
. _ ...uH camptis lite'
campti®
Bight iix gum. VievW tbaVs SvteB t«» lefaedung ^"T^xSfSlSVO:^ occasions-' Viewing
svjeelenyo®^ ■ ind it oo®*® ®°. % can today. daily-Buy seveiaiP v;»
M Schedules
FRATERNITY RIFLE (Regular Competition) Wednesday, February 26
P.M.
4:00—Simga Chi
4:80—Sigma Alpha Mu 5:00—Sigma Alpha Epsilon 7:80—Pi Kappa Phi 8:00—Pi Kappa Alpha 8:80—Phi Sigma Kappa 9:00—Phi Kappa Tau
Netmen Seek 1st Division Berth In Final Games This Week-End Piggy Lambert's Boilermaker netmen will be baitliiig to kee^ an eleven year old record intact when they hnish np their pres-' ent basketball activities over the week-end. Not since 1919 have the Riveter hardwood forces ended up in the second division Off the conference procedings, and right nowjvith two games left the local lads are resting in the sixth spot. . . Fourth Place
A victory over the Hoosiers Saturday at Bloomington and a win in the season’s finale against NorUiwestem here Mcmday nighty would assme the Boilemiakers of at least
a tie for fourth place.
Wisconsin, after getting to a rather miserable start, dinehed at least a tie for the Big Ten erown by knocking over Indiana on tiie Hoosieris home court last Monday evening. The lads from the dairy lands built up a 20-12 lead at the half and then proceeded to hold their own against the Hoosiers in
the second period.
'The Badgers have only one more game to play, but that is against Minnesota. It was the Gophers that humbled the leadm in the <qpenii^ tilt of the season by the lopsided
score of 47-32.
Regulars Excused Lambert excused the r^^ulars yesterday afternoon after their rather ^ctie two-overtime affair against the Hawks Monday night. None of the squad suffered any ill effects from the road engagements and Piggy expects to have his boys in top condition for the Indiana battle. Captain Bob Igney saw quite a bit of action in bothjenconnters and seems to have lest all of tiie stiffness in his injured knee. jff.a.
BASKETBALL
Wednesday, February 26 Court 1: C. H. Rechenbach
7:00 Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 6 7:1B Cary Hall 2 vs Cary HaU 4 8:00 Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Phi Sig-
ma Kappa
8:16 Ward 8 vs Ward 25 Court 2: W. B. McAdams
7:00 Cary Hall 3 vs Cary Hall 7 7:15 Cary Hal 6 vs Cary Hall 11 8:00 Ward 23 vs Ward 16 8:16 Delta Upsilon vs PJii Kappa
Court 8: E. Sfockdell
7:00 Cary Hall 14 vs Cary Hall 8 7:16 Cary Hall 9 vs Cary Hall 12 8:00 Ward 22 vs Ward 18 8:16 Ward 7 vs Ward 10
Court 4: Paul Schriber
7:00 Cary Hall 10 vs Cary Hall 13 7:16 Ward 21 vs Ward 12 8:00 Phi Kappa Sigma vs Kappa Sigma
phers defeated Wisconsin by 17 points last January, and that’s a spanking even if it did occur in Minneapolis. If Minnesota defeats Wisconsin Saturday night, the worst the Cardinals can do is tie for first place with Hoosierdom. —I-I— And if anyone’s face is red it should be Indiana’s. You see, the Hoosiers were billed by every sport editor in this state as world-beaters this season. Many a man crawled out on the limb only to have said stick crack (with the Indiana de-
fense.
BI« TEN STANDDVCiS
Wiaccnsln Indiana Minnesota - Ohio State .. . IlMnoia. PURDUE . . Michigan Iowa Northwestern _ .. Chicago
W
. 1» . 8 . 1 . • . $ . 5 . 6 . 8 . S . 0
L 1 2 3 5 6 6 6 7 8 10
Somsdkuu^ lAliJta^-lfyhdsihrL m Soft Lighting Effects Streamlined hiterior THE GRILL LOUNGE • A Place to Eat and Quietly Enjoy the Pleasure in Style • JhsL fijUAdlUL WstmifuaL UniofL The Comer of iheCemgme^ ^ YeiiheCenier^fAcbh^eefiaqit ^TbatiaiA
Wednesday. February 26. 1941
fiukdua. £xpotuadL
Germans Send Large Number Of Holorized Columns Into Bulgaria
By George Weller
SPECIAL RADIO To The Chicaigro Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941, Chicago Daily News, Inc.
Sofia, Feb. 25—^While keeping attention focused on the still uncrossed Danube, at those points where that river forms the boundary between Bulgaria and Rumania, the Germans have begun sending motorized columns along the highwajrs leading from the crossing at Cerna-Voda, in the Dobrudja, to Silistra, in that part of the Dobrudja annexed by Bulgaria. These columns entered Bulgarian territory during the week-end, it is learned on good authority. No Uniformed Regulars Thus, although no large bodies of uniformed infantry have yet crossed, the invasion may be considered to be approaching an open
stage. Tanks, both large and small, have been reported seen in Silistra, as well as columns of heavy trucks believed to be loaded with more tanks. It is apparently planned to use the Dobrudja, where the single bridge crossing the Danube is located and where the oil line runs from Ploesti to Constanza, as a convenient base for motorized divisions. War Materials S6nt In Four trainloads of war materials, believed to be airplanes and artillery, also crossed the river boundary at the western extremity, at Widin, and were routed down to Sofia during the last two days. They then went northeastward to the town of Sliwnica, where they have been left on sidings. The trains consist of 40 freight cars each. The Germans have also accelerated their road improvement works at the Shipka Pass, in the central Balkan mountains, and at the Aravakonak Pass, northeast of Sofia, apparently in readiness for passage for the above-mentioned motorized columns.
With relaxing music...pause and ^5^
Four generations have enfoyed the refreshing goodness of ice-cold Coca-Cola. Its pleasing taste always leaves a cool, clean after-sense of complete refreshment. So when you pause throughout the day, make it the pause that refreshes with ice-cold Coca-Cola.
YOU TASTE ITS QUALITY
Botded under authority of The Coca-Cola Company by COCA COLA BOTTLING COMPANY
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Ffoftuional
a School Supplioi
Risk Dantal Clinic OR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK OR. HAROLD J.RISK dthfirMNnSta. PhofwSTIC
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
• Hardware
•>
Complete Student Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
Sparb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822MeinSt. Phone 2777
a Dairy Froducti
Complete Line
M. E. MOREHOUSE
of Greeting Cards
DAIRY
Uahreraity Book Store
QUALITY MUJC
M.C*1tad’"Saminoni '2*
Phone 46214
ltW.'l>oc"Cpphi'40 \
a Lockamith
Keys and Locks
Km for tfunk% door loefcg, dotk locKi, night latcfMo and padtocha. Aute kara a ipaciany. Bicyda*, aeflflO ivp(MfinO«
MULHAUPrS soe-ii ULStiisi.
Newest Japanese Diplomatic Moves Fail To Alter Attitudes Of Britain, Netherlands
Janier Chemical and Matallordeal BngiaMftt Inspection trip asseMments an due. Pay in room 101, onam and met building. —LOVBLL.
Churchill Discounts Talk With Jap Ambassador By William H. Stoneman
Economics Only Basis For Ultimate Agreement By A. T. Steele
Review Classea in English i llie following classes will be held: Grammar, week of February 17; Punctuation, week of February 24; Spelling, week of March 8. Thcgr will all be given in room 111 of Univeni^ Hall at 6 p. m. —CREEK.
SPECIAL CABLE To The Chicago Daily News Foreign Service. CopsTright, 1941, Chicago Daily News, Inc.
SPECIAL RADIO To The Chicago Daily News Foreign Service, Copyright, 1941, Chicago Daily News, Inc.
Model Airplane Bnildeia: The first meeting of the Purdue Aeromodelers this semester will be held in room 866 of the Union, 7:80 p. m,, Wednesday, February 26. Movies of the National Model Air Meet will be shown. —OBARSK.
London, Feb. 26.—Great Britain’s attitude toward Japan, and that country’s activities in the Far East, have not been altered in any way by the conversation yesterday between Winston Churchill and Mamoru Shigemitsu, the Japanese ambassador to London. The prime minister received the ambassador as an act of courtesy because Foreign Secretary Anthony Eden, to whom Japanese Foreign Minister Y o s u k e Matsuoka addressed a recent note, was absent. The conversation was friendly but Churchill maintained a line that “actions are sweeter than words” and that further southward moves by Japan would involve the danger of conflict between the two countries. Statement A Face-Saver Matsuoka’s recent statement that he had not offered to mediate in Europe was simply a face-saver. His first idea in making the offer was, presumably, to force Britain to decline it, and thus to re-emphasize its desire to fight on and destroy Germany, no matter what offers might come fiom the other side. Matsuoka reckoned without Germany, which regarded his move as first-class gaff and immediately repudiated it. Since then he has been trying to talk himself out of the hole.
Batavia, Netherlands East Indies, Feb. 26—^None of Japan’s recent political and military maneuvers have weakened in the slightest the firm stand of the Netherlands East Indies in the negotiations here with a Japanese economic mission. Although the Dutch have made it amply clear that the Japanese agenda—^which is fraught with political implications—is quite unacceptable in the form it has been proposed, they are nevertheless continuing the talks on concrete matters of a purely economic nature. It is pointed out here that whether an ultimate agreement is possible depends entirely upon whether the Japanese are willing to back down from their impossible original position and make a straight business deal wholly divorced from political considerations. This is the rock on which the conversations foundered several weeks ago.
Skall anfi CrcMent Actives: Get money to Burkholder as soon as possible for keys. He needs H. —LANIUS.
PIA Members: Beginners Dance Glass will start Thursdeur, February 27, at 7:80 p. m., in room 863 of the Union. Get your tickets in the PIA office now. —HUMPHREY.
Jnnior Women: Prease stop in room ^12 of the Union Wednesday or Thursday, February 26-27, between 3 and 6 p. m. —CARROLL.
Theta Alpha Phi: Meeting at 4 p. m. on Wednesday, February 26, in Fowler Hall. —MARTIN.
All Students: Interested in playing in a symphony orchestra call 41961, or leave your | name, address and telephone number in the / PIA box at the east desk of the Union addressed to me. —SMULEVITZ
PIA Men’s Chorus: Regular rehearsal on Thursday, February 27, at 7:80 p. m. in the PIA office. Everybody be there. —SMULEVITZ.
Alpha Zeta: Regular meeting at 7:30 p. m. Wednesday, February 26, in room 232 of the Union. —STEWART.
Notices
Students With C or 1 grades: Examinations for the removal of G or I grades in History, Government or Economics will be given Saturday, March 8, at 1 p. m. in room 313 of the Recitation building. Applications should be made before Friday, March 7 in the general office in the Recitatioili Building. —ESTEY.
Religious Council: Regular meeting of the council at 7 :80 p. m. on Wednesday, February 26, in room 68 of the Union. —MANGUS
Fraternity Presidents: Authorize your treasurers to send cheques for fire assessments to me immediately. —BERGSTEDT.
Sigma Delta Chi: Meeting Thursday, February 27, at 7 :16 p. m. in Exponent office. —McKEE.
Catholic University of America has added 31 new members to its teaching staff.
Catalyst Club: Election of pledges at Chemical and Metallurgical Building at 7 p. m. Saturday, March 1. Sign up for the party in Dr. Lovell’s office before Friday afternoon. —BERGSTEDT.
Gimlets: Important meeting at 6 p. m Wednesday, February 26, at Beta Theta Pi house. Bring money for tickets and dues. —TAYLOR.
S.C.A.: Educational meeting for all co-op members at 7 :30 p. m. Wednesday, Februjary 26, in room 363 of the Union. —LUMPKIN.
Miss Abby'Burgess is the thirtyfirst member of her family to attend Brown university. Her father is a faculty member.
Removal of Conditions in English and Speech: Examinations will be held in room 101 of the Education building Saturday, March 16, at 1 p. m. —CREEK.
Prom Committee: Meeting postponed until Thursday, February 27, in room 261 of the Union, —WOLFF.
All Co-eds: Those wanting YWCA cabinet Positions for next year should send petitions to Miss Bryant or Miss Coolidge before March 19. —BRYANT.
Biology Students: Examinations for the removal of C and I grades wJH be held in Coulter Hall Saturday, March 1, at I p. m. —BNDEIRS.
To be SURE your clothes receive the best cleaning service, be SURE your garments go to CROWN regularly.
F I N E C L E A HERS OF FINE C L OTH E $
THE SOPHOMORE COTILLION
ORCHIDS GARDENIAS CAMELLIAS ROSES SWEETPEAS
All these flowers make delightfully fragrant corsages. Corsages that will add to the beauty and charm of your date. Place your orders early, and avoid that last minute rush. All our corsages are styled and designed by professional designers.
CIwJ^ ShofL
527 Main Street
Phone 8451
Christian Student Fellowship t Vislton are welcome to our next meetinc Thursday, February 27, at 7:80 p. m. in loem 807 iA the Union. —LONG.
Glider Clnb: Bring dues to the meeting 'Thursday, February 27, at 7 p. m. in room 328 In the Union. -KANE.
Chess Club Meeting: Meetiag Wednesday, February 26, in game room of the Union for selecting the team to play Indianapolis as well as the Gary match for March 2. —CURTNBR.
AIME: A meeting will be held Thursday, February 27, in room 302 in the Chem and Met Building at 7:80 p. m. Prof. Shreve will speak on “Precious and Semi-precious Jewels,’’ followed by a short business meeting. —PHILLIPS.
Buffalo Purdue Club: All atudents from Buffalo and Western New York will meet in Room 236 of the Union Building at 7:30 p. m., Thursday, February 27. —BAUMAN.
Kappa Delta Pi: An open meeting scheduled for Wednesday, March 6, in room 201 of the Education Building at 8 p. m. All junior and senior education students are urged to attend to hear Dr. Davis discuss teachers and their jobs. —NORQUIST.
AWS Executive Board: Because of convo, there will be a special meeting at 4:16 Wednesday, February 26, in AWS office. —ZWIERLEIN.
ME 30 C’s and I’s: A make-up final for C and I grades received in any division of ME 30 last semester will be given Saturday, March 15, at 1:00 p. m. in room ME 113. Students planning to take the examination please notify me before noon on March 16. —COPE,
Wesley Foundation: Skating party has been planned for Friday, February 28, at 8:30 p. m., leaving foundation at 10 p. m. Prices are 80c for men and 16c for girls. —MeFADDEN.
Pi Tau Sigma: Check on the list in the reading room of the Mechanical Engineering building the number of ticket sales by 2 p. m. Wednesday, February 26. —WIST.
Classified Ads
St. Phone, 2779.
Lost: Kappa Key. Kathleem Hill on back. Reward. Phone 66973.
Lost: Delta Gamma pin. Name on back. Jeanne Bucknam. Reward. Call 8489.
'Sincere Sbirb
FOR MEN Newest colors and pattenu, assorted sleeve lengths. Sizes 14 to 17. The best shirt in Lafayette at onr low price
“Tybest” Nednwar
The tie that ties up into a perfect kno^. A go<^ show* ing of the newest patterns priced for mildest parses at
SSc $1.00 THIEME & WANGERIN CO.
622-6;i6 Main St. Lafayette, Ind.
To Whom It May Coneerti t Fasmd, one tie clasp. Own^ may claim sneli la mtr office in Coulter Hall. —mnwRS.
Chi Epsilon: Meeting in tooaa SOS of the Union at 7 ;80 p. m. ThursAar. Frf>niary 27. —SAMS.
<
Ag Students: Interested in hearing Professor E. B. Hart speak at Bnders Hotel to Indianapolis March 8 on “Nutritoltonal Value of Butteirfat versus Vegetoble Oils" should make reservations with W. K. Moeely, 815 DeQuincy Street betore Saturday, March 1.
Skull and Crescent AeUvea: Important meeting 'Thursday, February tt* at 7:80 in the Chestnut room of the Union. Let's all be present for a change. —LANIUS.
All Debris Freshmen aiifi Sophomore Business Workers: Bring your atudent directory to an imiiortant nsMting at 4 p. m. Wednesday, February 26, to too Debris business office. —ADAMS.
S i
A, %
FOR SALE
Typewriters and adding machines, new ^ and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, 820.75 to $69.60. Office supplies.' Mimeograph and muHigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main
FOR RENT For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Service. Cara for all occasions. Mm. $2.60 aU night. Phone _ 2407. f
t
m
m