Volume 5L No. 3
Exponent
Wednesday. September 13, 1939
Largest Military Band To Open At Notre Dame Game Blossoming forth with new uniforms and 150 members, the largest in the history of the organization, Purdue’s famous military band will open the 1939 season September 30 at the Purdue-Notre Dame opening football game in South Bend. Prof. P. S. Emrick has been working day and night in an effort to obtain new uniforms for the entire band in time for the opening game. Included in the personnel of this year’s band are 80 men who wfere members a year ago, and 70 who were successful in gaining positions in preference over several ^ times this number who were present in the pre-season tryouts. Foremost among a number of new features this year are 12 glockenspiels in place of the six, which is the previous number used. Six of the “glo(^ks” that are to be used this year, are altos. "Flying Boilermaker" Wins Fame, Prizes At Frankfort Soaring ^4eei “Flying Boilermaker” maimed by a crew of eight Glider Club members, competed with other sailidanes from all parts of the country last week ai Frankfort, Mich., for honors in distance, altitude, and duration soaring in the American Open Soaring contest. Up until the time of their leaving, the Purdue Club was leading in the total number of points compiled. The club was forced to leave early in order to return in time for registration. Soar Three Hours The eight Boilermakers flew the glider in pairs with the remaining SIX acting as the ground crew. The club brought back approximately $100 in prize money. Craig Miller, flight manager, and T. J. Higgins turned in the duration record by soaring for three hours without a landing. Each plane was given one week to obtain its best record in each of the duration, altitude, and distance events; the records were then used to determine the number of points the team received. Members of the Glider Club to represent the University were C. Miller, flight manager; D. Caffee, A. Hilpert, D. Lewis, T. J. Higgins, S. Z. Lobel, F. Adams, and F. P. Eade. Of these Hilpert, Lewis, Higgins, and Adams earned their soaring licenses. Club expects to start another training program immediately. Emphasis will be placed on thermosoaring. The’ training is open to anyone sufficiently interested to assist in maintenance of the club’s equipment.
Shew Large Increase Over 600 season tickets have been sold to date for the 1939-40 Playshop productions, twice the number sold at this time last year. Tickets for the four plays are being sold at one dollar each, while those fPr a single production will sell at 76 cents. Playshop officials urge students to purchase their Season tickets as soon as possible, since last year all were sold long before the opening of the first play. Season’s opener will be the Broadway hit, “Brother Rat,” a comedy to be given October 26-28. From December 6-9 Playshop will present Maxwell Anderson’s powerful drama, “Winterset.” Third play, to be produced March 6-9, has been tentatively set as “Black Flamingo,” a mystery costume play. The annual Mother’s Day production. May 7-11, will be a parlor comedy, “Fresh Fields.” Students Enjoy Danforth Summer Fellowship Trip Catherine Cooley, H. Ec. ’40, and C. E. Irvin, Ag. ’40, both of whom received Danforth Summer Fellowships, spent a month this summer enjo3dng a program with other recipients of the award from 36 state educational institutions. The award is given to students having the most outstanding mental, social, and religious records. First two weeks of the fellowship were spent in St. Louis, Mo., visiting business houses, factories and the headquarters of the Purina* Ralston Mills while the last two weeks were spent at the American Youth Foundation Camp, Camp Minewanco, Shelby; Mich. All expenses were paid by the Danforth Foundation, donor of the fellow-
ships.
Bush Announces Training School George H. Bush, custodian counselor of the division of education and applied psychology, announced the first in the series of 14 custodian training schools to begin Monday. This pioneer school is being held at Gieencastle and is operating on a three-day schedule. The other 13 schools will last five days each. Programs for the schools are planned to meet the needs of custodians in small buildings, or those who have had no training in their work. As a supplement to the above series of schools, plans are under way for a week’s intensive short course on specific chstodian problems to be held here next summer. It will coincide with the date of the annual meeting of the National Association of Public School C^todians to be held here.
Student Book Exchange
Playshop Ducat Sales Flight Training
Offered To Fifty
Boysihbwiniet Begins Sales This Morning
Students interested in flight training will be pleased to know that the CAA has informed the University that it will have the opportunity to train at least 60 men as private pilots during the present year. Details are not as yet forthcoming but it is understood that they embody some interesting and
important features.
Selected students will be given between 35 and 60 hours of flight training at an expense to the student not exceeding $40 (including the CAA physical examination), about $14 of which is to cover insurance on the student’s life; the balance is to cover administrative and ground school expenses. Applications will be received at the Engineering Personnel Deparl^ ment. A list of eligibles will be selected from applicants principally on the basis of scholastic standing and ability to carry an overload of work. These applications should be in the hands of the Engineering PersPnnel Department before the
end of registration.
Freshmen will not be accepted for flight training. Aeronautical engiheering slyadents will be given preference. The object of this training program is to provide a,<reserve of trained pilots from which the military services may select men for army and navy flight training, but no obligation to sign up for military flight training is involved in accepting the flight training of the CAA.
WAATealnGymFor Frosh Ca-eds Today WAA members will entertain coeds at a tea to be held in the Women’s Gym this afternoon at 4 o’clock. Freshmen and new students will have an opportunity to meet officers of the organization and to become familiar with the gymnasium. Miss Helen Knight, instructor of modem dancing in the physical education department, will give a brief lecture on Indian dances. Miss Knight will also display jewelry which she collected in New Mexico this summer. Heads of each fall sport, including swimming, tennis, golf, hockey, riflery, and badminton, will be introduced by Georgia Walker, president of the organization. S WAA memberships may be obtained at the association’s table located outside the Armory. Dues, which are $1 per year, entitle participation in all activities an eligibility for offices.
Ralph D.Maby
Exponent Editorial Staff: Those scheduled to work tonight are: night editor, McKee; issue editor, Kennedy; workers, Traugott. Parks, Ruffner, Fletcher, Heiple. —FRED
. . . Ag, ’39, who majored in agricultural chemistry, has recently been appointed chemist with the Central Soya Co., Decatur.' Since graduation, Maby had been employed by Armour and Co. He assumed l^s new position on September 1.
Hruby, Head Of Exchange, Urges Early Attention Of Bdok-Sellers Student book exchange will begin sale of books in the Union ballroom at ten o'clock this morning. Approximately 1,500 books had been received by 5:30 yesterday afternoon* The Exchange will be open at eight this morning* so that students who have books which they wish to sell may turn them in. ■—— Although the number of books
which have been received is almost the same as thie number which was received during the same period last year, Vincent Hruby, head of the exchange, urges aU students who have books to sell to turn them in at the Union ballroom before 10 this morning. This does not apply to technical books since there is an
over-supply in this field.
An unusually large number of freshman texts are on hand and a special invitation is extended to all freshmen to drop in at the book
exhange.
Now in its third year, the exchange is a non-profit enterprize organized to allow students to sell and buy used text books with a minimum of trouble. Students who wish to sell their books through the exchange are advised not to price their books at‘more than 60 per cent of the list price. As soon as the books are sold and the money is ready the numbers on the receipts will be posted on a bulletin board outside the Union ballroom. Students may collect their money as soon as their numbers are
posted.
New Assistant Union Manager Appointed William W. Glenny, Chicago ,111., EE ’36, has been appointed assis-„ tant manager of the Purdue Memorial Union. During his undergraduate years, he was prominent in campus activities, being a member of the Student Senate and serving on the Gala Week committee for 1936. Glenny was president of Scabbard and Blade, and a member of Tau Beta Pi and Eta Kappa Nu. In his senior year he was president of Pi Kappa Phi, social fraternity. Following graduation he was employed by the Reliance Electric and Manufacturing Co., of Cleveland, 0., for two years. Last year he returned to the University as assistant in the Engineering Extension
Department.
State Husking Contest
Slated For October 13 B & O Employes Bishea
As Railroad Ag Agent
Are You Lonesome, Blue Or Homesick? Let The Date Bureau Banish Your Troubles
By Mary Burtsfield Don’t waste your time calling up your girl. If the line is busy, try the Date Bureau. The chances are you’ll be one hundred per cent satisfied; you and your prospective date will be studied as closely as the freshman handbook. You, as a prospective date, must inform the Date Bureau of your height, color of hair and eyes, t3rpe of date preferred, and how you would like to spend the evening. Then you’ll be typed, rated, compared, and dated by an efficient date-maker. WSGA introduced the Date Bureau on the campus a few years ago, chiefly to help freshmen get acquainted their first few weeks on
the campjis; however, the bureau is not today limited to freshmen. TheJ^ureau began operating last Friday night at the Women’s Residence Halls for Saturday and Sunday night dates and will begin again to operate next Thursday, arranging dates for this week-end. It will continue this fall until students cease to patronize it. Treva Berry, Big Ten college hostess at the Elgin building at the World’s Fair this summer, is WSGA chairman of the bureau, with a staff of co-eds and Cary Hall students as assistants. Booths will be maintained, beginning Thursday, in the lobby of the Memorial Union and in the Women’s Residence Halls, throughout the coming week-end.
i^anging of ears of com from wagon beds will resound near Flora, in Carroll county, when 24 winners from district contests will tear ears from the stalks in the seventh annual state agriculture classes’ husking contest on October 13. To arrange for the big junior husking contest, which has been sponsored jointly since the beginning with the Muncie Pness, the vocational agricultural teachers elected this group of officers: Harold Thompson, Flora, president; Stuart Guthrie, Peru, vice president; Alfred Nelson, Remington, secretary; and J. A. Carroll, Chalmers, treas-
urer.
Several thousand Indiana vocational agriculture students are expected to take part, first in the local contests and district events, with the winners finally competing for state honors at the Carroll county contest. There are 383 vocational departments in Indiana high schools. District entries must be made with committee members not later than October 9.
O. K. Quivey, manager of the B. & O. Railroad agricultural development, announces that Albert M. Bishea, county agricultural agent in Daviess county for several years, has accepted the position of agricultural agent for the B. &. O. Railroad succeeding A. F. Stephens, who resigned recently to become extension dairyman for the Umversity of Missouri, where he was formerly employed. Bishea, Quivey, and Stephens are all Purdue graduates of the school of agriculture. Nova-Galento Bout To Be Broadcast On NBC NetworkFriday Fistic fans will be able to hear a blow by blow description of the 15round bout between Lou Nova and Tony Galento in Philadelphia Friday at 8 o’clock on the NBC Blue network.
Personnel Service Rates Activities By Point System
Prospective seniors will soon be asked to fill out blanks with information concerning their work in extra-curricular activities on the campus. At the start of their fourth year they will be asked to list their activities of the three previous years. Realizing the part extra-curricu-lar activities play in regards to senior employment, the personnel service desires to have accurate information on this point. To this effect they have instituted a system of rating various activities based on the work and time involved. Highest Rating For example, officers such as Debris editor. Debris business manager, Union president. Exponent editor, Exponent business manager, ^nd the PIA president, merit a 10 point rating, the highest awarded for any single year’s work. Rat^ff next with 8 points are the officer .of Student Senate president, -r S' '■'I.,,'-'' «
Independent editor. Exponent managing editor. Student Union executive, Student Union activities chairman, and Activities Bureau senior director. The offices of Engineer editor. Scrivener editor. Exponent sports editor. Exponent city editor, Exponent assistant business manager, Independent business manager, Debris photograph editor, Engineer business manager, Playshop business manager, Playshop secretary, Playshop stage manager are designated a^ 7 point offices. Point Activities Next with 6 points are the offices of Independent managing editor. Scrivener business manager. Forensic Council chairman. Concert Choir manager. Senior cadet colonel, senior manager varsity athletic team, senior cheer manager, senior cheer director. Men’s Glee Club manager. Interfraternity President’s Uouncil president, senior jntramr^al manag- > .V V/* '
er, senior on Engines staff (not editor or business manager), Student Senate officer (not president). Exponent junior editors, receive 6 points as does also Debris junior editor. Debris junior business manager, Student Union vice-president, PIA officer (not president), WBAA program director, PIA committee chairman, member varsity debate team, captain varsity athletic team, SAA senior officer. Independent assistant business manager. Radio Stage manager. University Choir manager. University Orchestra student director, Purdue Players president, Activities Bureau junior director. Athletes Rate 4 Points Classed as 4 point offices are Debris junior photograph editor, member varsity athletic team (not captain), University Orchestra manager, Exponent junior sports editors. Engineer junior staff members, senior manager of minor sport, junior
on Independent staff. Scrivener associate editor. Gimlet Club president, Reamer Club president, junior manager of varsity sports, junior intramural manager, Playshop Lab Group manager, Playshop advertising manager, Playshop house manager, Playshop stage manager. Rated next with 3 points are the offices of Forensic junior manager. Prom committee member. Gala Week committee member,' Purdue Players treasurer, Purdue Players secretary, SAA junior officer. Gimlet or Reamer Club member, president of honorary, president of social fraternity, fraternity house manager, WBAA announcer, WBAA student operator, president of professional society. Men’s Glee Club accompanist. 3 Points For These Also given a 3 poipt rating are the offices of Student Handbook editor, Cary Club president. Concert Choir accompanist. Student Senate
member (not an officer), member minor sports team, ward manager, junior cheer leader. Glassed as 2 point activities are sophomore manner of any sport, sophomore intl|fcnural manager. Military Ball committee member, advanced ROTC corps member, intramural debate manager, fraternity rush chairman, fraternity officer, member of cadet cheers lunch comhittee. Debris worker. Exponent worker, sophomore Student Union worker, member of concert choir. Activities Bureau sophomore. Men’s Glee Club, member of faculty committee, and members or pledges of honoraries. In addition, the president of a religious society, officers of the P Men’s Clifb, sophomore cheer leaders, PSA officers, Purdue Players vice-president or executives, and Cary Club officers receiver 2 points. 1 Point Activties One point offices cover freshman
workers on such major activities as the Exponent, sophomore wmrkers on minor activities, participators in debate contests such as Hanley speech and so forth. Also indodadi in this category are (^cers of the Hobby Club, Glider Club, Camera Club, etc. More (^ces having a one point rating are a member of a religious society, member of the Purdue band, or NYA worker. Indudq^ in this are members of the University Orchestra, and members of the University Choir. Final rating are a group of onehalf point offices such as a member of the Hobby Club, member of a professional society, or a membor of a social fraternity (not officer). Also included are members of the PSA, PIA or a member of an activity not listed. Playshop workers^' (^ot permanent officers) one-hali point per Tlayl " | >5 '.s > JC'* »THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, September 13. 1939
’■'T' (■<?
t,
JjumLif JjoUl To Voie-Or Not To Vote? student senators who are named to their positions aftor the ballotcount tonight will be the last group elected during Purdue’s registration period. Elections foJ* *40-*4l senstors Will be held next spring, giving Opportunity for more ftdvance ptiblidlty and eampalgning. Main drawback to the present system is that many voters are confronted with a list of students none of whom they may know. In such a case, the student is either tempted ndt to vote at all, or to vote for the most vigorous campaigner arotmd the election table. He may follow the theory that if a person is interested enoilgh to Campaign for a senate position he will be a better man than the candidate who does not even campaign. In any event, each student is privileged to vote for the candidate whom he feels will make the hardest-working and most efficient senator. Students already registered who have ttOt voted at the desk beside the cashier’s cages in the Armory may do SO, today by presenting their schedule card. Work on the Student Senate is not laid out in advance, as in some campus activities, and many minor problems which arise must be solved as the year progresses. Major projects already facing the new Senate will be publication of the 1940 Student,Handbook, elections, compilation of orientation data from other universities to compare with Purdue's system, establishment of a University-wide lost and found system, standardization of tutoring which was started but not completed last year, and putting into operation the Senate’s new elective system. This system provides for election of senators from actual senate workers as well as those chosen by popular vote. Electioneering next spring for Senate positions may be thore hectic than at present, perhaps approaching Prom and Gala Week elections. Voting machines, used for Prom elections last year, may again be used to facilitate voting and counting. These changes will take place next spring, however. Today is the day to vote for 1939-40 senators who will represent the student body in the Senate organization. Is Book Exchange Strictly Non-Profit Making^ One of the pre-school enterprizes that Can possibly bear a little more explanation, especially for the benefit of new students, is the Student Book Exchange. Two years ago, the leaders in all the major campus activities decided that there was a definite need for a place on the campus where students could buy and sell used books With a minimum of effort. With this idea in mind, these men proceeded to map the organization which now operates in the Union ballroom under the name of the Student Book Exchange. With but few minor changes the exchange operates today with the same policy under which it w^s inaugurated. Actual labor in the book exchange is carried out by students who receive no compensation whatsoever. These students come mainly from the major activities, however some are simply volunteers who profer their services for the experience that they gain. These workers carry out all the receiving, selling, and •checking, and are directly responsible to the book exchange board composed of the leaders of the various campus activities. All books received at the exchange are checked with a master list to assure that the bobk is still in use in University classes. This list is compiled by the heads of all departments, and all books appearing here are OK’d by them for use in tke classes designated. This eliminates any possibility of a student buying an out-dated book. Price fixing is done through mutual agreement between the seller and the worker that receives the book. The receiver makes no attempt to set the price that is to be asked for the book, but simply suggests to the seller the price that experience has shown will sell the book more readily. All cash is handled through a student cashier at the exchange. This cashier is unpaid and is responsible to the University cashier who checks his figures at the close of all transactions. This may help to allay suspicions that the exchange is a profit making organization, and show that it is run by the student and for the student. —R. E. I.
To the eager J^rcshtiieii that have accidentally stumbled across this column, we wish to offer a little ex.(jplanation and advice—do not dnubt our advice, as we are In the position to give it. If you hear any unfounded rumors that B & B is a scandal column, turn deaf ears on such remarks as it is the sole purpose of this department to serve you in any manner we can—or see fit to. Believe us, we are your friend and will gladly help you to even yoUr scores with->-uppeTclassmen—^just send us any information about said friends that you wish to see in print. Our slogan may give you the necessary courago_WE PRINT ANYTHING FIT TO READ (true, We sometimes err in our judgment), —B & B— PIN information and AVOIDABLE MISTAKES Fish—-Hooke4 By-—Classification Bryant, H. R.—Wickard, Betty—Phi Psivs.KKG. Evers, Bud—Baldwin, Marge—Phi Kap vs. KAT. Ward, Nannie—Schueler, Bob—Phi Psi vs. KKG. Corporon, Fred—Unidentified—Sig Ep. Forbes, H. B.—Hall, Ruth—Sig Ep vs. KAT. returns and ALLOWANCES Baldwin to Evers. Stocker to McGhee. Shaw to Brueur. Coming Attractions Bev Rice and Swede Taylor will embark on the sea of matrimony a few days hence—^it is understood that the brothers and sisters of the two leading stars are welcome to witness the event but Swede frowns upon sharing his luck (good or bad?) with the brothers. —B & B— Imagine the chagrin of some of our campus “Shots” when they were stopped during registration and asked to sign up for their activity. We hope that McNeil, Cooper and
Schicklcr can find an activity tdc keep them busy. —B & B— With the new addition to the Alpha Chi house they have a new selling point for rushing—don’t forget to mention that there will be enough sofas to go around this year, girls. —B & B— Is Ellen Kepnev losing her grip t Georgie Baker (it Whs Polly Baker in Summer School, we are told) is talking about a divine Freshie that has a cream colored Fackard—^never fear, Ellen, it is probably the car. —B & jSt— The find of the current season is the Frosh that looked so ^een (Oh, so green) when he was beseiged by assorted number of salesmen of campds publications that he walked away with two subscriptions and $2 more than he started vnith. The future business manager of the Debris, we think. —“B & B Again we are offering DOUBLE MARS PASSES for your contributions that are published. Your friends like to be in print just as much as you.
brchk dhwhi and tMl you that Him and Her Is deMlgned to cover the social front on the campus. We try to tell about the dances, trade dinners, unusual happenings, and campus personalities. So whether you are Joe Dough, Mr. Ekiquire, or Betty Co-ed, we hope you’ll like reading about yourself and fellow Students throughout tke year. H & H campus students shoUld feOl mighty proud of Cecil Isbell and Peggy Davis for the smooth performance they gave between halves of the Ajl-Star game at Soldier’s Field the night of August 80. As you may know, Cec was awarded a large trophy for being the outstanding Collegiate player on last year’s All-Star squad, and Peggy made the presentation of the trophy. We thought the whole affair very exciting, and the presence of over eighty Niousand spectators added a dash of color and gasdety to the AllStar—New York Giant clash. H & H Triangle Fraternity held its national convention here on the cam-
pUS l*st Week. Two young delegates from the MiSiiOUri College of Mines mrObted quite ft stir at the fraternity's dance Friday night by appearing on the Lincoln Lodge-dance floor with goatees decorating their chins. It seems thatiio grow a goatee and moustache is a privilege given only to senior men on the Missouri cam* pus, and these Iftds decided h6t tO let a national cohvehttofi iUterfOrO with their senior rights. One of the boys told us he hud shopped at seV^ eral (Chicago antique stofes for ft moustache cup to complete his en* semblo. So he had found no moustache cup for sale.
Classified Ads
FOR RENT—^Double room, eight dollars rbr boy. 443 Obatlncey Avehue. FOR Rent—in faculty home, for Instructor or student, slhtlle room, bt SbSi’b double room with graduate student. Hills ahd Dales, feW blocks from Field Rbuse. Dial ei74.
Him
LOST Small green trunk delivered to wrong address. Please notify Yellow Cab Company.
Here we are again, breaking our long red fingernails on typewriter keys. And very happy to be doing it, we might add. There’s something about this “coming back to school” business. People have been doing it for a good many Septembers, yet every year seems a bit different. Since even the seniors need a map to determine their whereabouts on this enlarged campus, we are wondering just how the new-comers are managing to get around. H & H To the crop of invaders, the freshman, we extend a hearty welcome. In case you are wondering about this column’s purpose we’ll
Notices
Purdue Glider Club: Organization meeting Thursday, September 14, at 7:16 p. m. in Room P of the Union Building. —BADE
Dolphin Club' Meeting Friday, September 16, in Field House Discussion of active rolls, year’s program, freshman reception, and aquacade —HARRIS
Cheer Leaders: Men interested in cheer leading report to the Field House in Room 108 Thursday, September 14, at 4 30. Call for co-ed cheer leaders will be later —HECKMAN
Sophomores: Will the following students get in touch with me this week concerning their work, past and future, on the Exponent editorial staff H F Hays, Lester Robinson, Herbert Payne, William P. Etter, Richard F Sears, Rojger F. Nusbaum, Edgar M. Katzenberg, Donald S. Powers, John C. Jarrett, Edward E Pickett, Robert G. Bosart If impossible for you to see me, leave your phone number with someone in the office, or drop it in the Exponent box on the main Union desk —FRED, Exponent managing editor Reamers: The first regular meeting of the year will be held Wednesday, September 13, at 7 30 p m m Room A of the Union Meeting will be short but important. A full attendance is expected —REILEY.
AIR CONDITIONED COOL
oCooLin^ toward a
eap*
Freshmen and old co-eds — start this year off right. Appearance means so much to your success on the campus, so why not give us a chance? We're prepared to help you make the njost of your natural beauty.
Modern Beauty Shop 653 Main Street
Alpha Lambda Delta: Compulsory meeting for all active members Wednesday evening, September 13, at 7 30 in Room C of the Union _ —CARPENTER
Committee of 100 • Meeting Thursday, September 14, at a place to be announced in the Thursday morning Exponent. —GRAVES
M. E Sophomores: Those intending to study Aeronautical Engineering should take course M E 83 (Aeronautics, Cr 1, not yet listed in catalogue or schedule of classes). Schedule- Div A. W 8 Div B. Th 8 Room M E 108 CAA Pilots may also elect M E 83 insfead of 16 periods of evening ground school Work on principles of flight M E Juniors planning to take M E 93 in the second semester of this year should also take M E 83 the first semester M E 93, First Term 1939-40 Add prerequisite Course M E 83 (9-16) —WOOD Flying Club: Meeting Thursday, September 14, at 7 80 m Room C of the Union Members please be present. —KIMBALL
Purdue Motorcycle Club: Opening meeting Thursday, September 14. at 7 p m in the Union. Room will be announced in tomorrow’s Exponent. —BADE
GILLESPI E'S RESTAURANT SUPPLIES AND EQUIPMENT DISHES, GLASSWARE, SILVER, UTENSILS 221 Columbift Street Phone 6405o
"V
H WaduiMidd^# Sigdamisil* 18» 1888
fjChonJUfli. ^hnhf-A. fijCUVL
\ a
Early Ticket Sales Indicate Record Crowd For Opener Reports coming from Notre Dame indicate that the initial battle of th6 sehson between the Boilermakers arid the Fightiilg Irish will draw a record crowd for an opener in SoUth Bend. Mike Layden will begin his sixth year as the Irish latinch their 61st fOotbell season oh the 30th of this
menth. Both Laydeh khd fSiWatd are thhkihg strenuous elfofte to get their teams whipped into shape in tihie for the initial tests. Both aggregations suffered one defeat last year, but the Boilermakers were tied twice giving the Irish the edge. As far as the actual games between the two schools, the Notre Dame boys have taken 10 games from the Gold and Black gridders while losing only four. Two of the battles have Onded in a draw. In the only two tilts in recent years Purdue and Notre Dame have come out even. The Boilermakers whipped the Irish 17-0 in 1933 and lost a thriller to them the next season by the unusual score of 18-17.
CaptalAing the Greofi and Gold team will be “Shipwreek** Kolly, the only returning regular lineSmaiL Layden does not have a great deal to worry about, though, for there are plenty of capable reserves as well as a promising band of second year men who should provide the usual band of capable men to throw into the fray. / A veteran backfield that should make any coach, except perhaps Elward, feel envious has returned to the fold in South Bend. Quarterback Steve Sitko, who will b© remembers by basketball fans for his performances with Fort Wayne a few season ago, is one of the men to cause worry in the opener for
Frosh Gridders To Hold Initial Workout Elmer Burnham, freshman football coach, announced yesterday that first year grid aspirants will get their first opportunity tomorrow afternoon when practice officially opens. Actual Workout will be followed in the evening by a meeting df the candidates in the Fieldhouse at 7:30. bio date has been definitely set for the freshman-varsity game, but it is probable that it will be played on the open date on the Boilermaker schedule on October 7.
Purdue fans. Also bearing watching in the Irish backfield will be the veterans, Saggau, Sheridan, Stevenson, Zontini, and Thesing.
Grid Squad Scrimmaqes; Works On Punts, Passes In keeping with his policy to make the most of what time he has before the first football game of the season, Coach Mai EIward initiated the football squad into scrimmage yesterday afternoon on Ross-Ade Recreation Field. During the long afternoon drill
Perdue ExiMnent Published dallr except Monday during the academic year. Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the Act Of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Delivered by carrier, 23 per academic year; by mail, $8.50. Business office located at 312 N. Fifth Street; editorial office, Union Building: sports office. Field House. Editor-iit-Chief—R. E. Insley, (Union) 4005 Business Manager—Yf. E. Smith, 5038
WE CORDIALLY mviTE YOU TO TRY A GOOD MEAL AT THE lYV CHINA CAFE 409 COLUMBIA ST. CHOP SUEY, CHOW MEIN and STEAK A SPECIALTY
THE RIGHT COMBINATION OF THE WORLD’S BEST TOBACCOS GIVES
REFRESHING MILDNESS BETTER TASTE MORE PLEASING AROMA
All the things that go towards the making of smoking pleasure at its best. This is because Chesterfield blends the very finest of American and aromatic Turkish tobaccos in a combination that brings out the best qualities of each. When you try them we believe you will say. ..
National Champions In Rifle Drill... The Newton Legion Guards are a sure-fire hit because of their right combination of precision, snap and smart appearance . . . and every Chesterfield you smoke is a sure-fire hit for More Smdking PleMure.
before scrimmage, several of the backs worked oil passes and punts. From present indications the passing will be done largely by Byelene, Brock, Brown, and Galvin. Jack Brown, senior hSlfbaek, looks like the most promising passer on the squad. He has been flipping them with both hands, as he did in the Indiana game last fall, much to the dismay of the Hoosiers. The “Turnover Passer” is doubly dangerous because he can start toward the right or the left and drop back to pass from either end of the line. Brock, senior; Byelene, junior; and Galvin, sophomore, also have been throwing passes and will probably assist Brown with the rest of the passing.' Blocking, Tackling Counts Passing has been working in with the style of speed rather than power which will undoubtedly be followed by the Boilermakers this year. If the blocking and tackling keeps up at the high pace which it maintained last year close followers of the team are confident that the Boilermakers will be good against the tough opponents which they face every Saturday of the season. From the punting angle Brown, Byelene, Brock, Montague, and Petty have been carrying the practice burden. Brown is a left-footed kicker, Byelene did some kicking last season, as did Brock, while Petty, who saw some action at fullback last fall, and Montague, who was out for a year, will also he in line for punting duty. Backfield men have become convinced that the blocking in the line is an essential constituent of a good football team, and are willing to give credit where credit is due. Mentor Issues Call For Frosh Thinlies First meeting for the potential Boilermaker freshman track men will be held in room 107, of the Fieldhouse, next Friday afternoon at 5 o’clock, according to Howard Wilkening, freshman track coach. The team last year turned in an impressive season, boasting victories over Ohio State, Indiana, Illinois, three track powers in the Western Conference, and losing only two meets, one each to Northwestern and Michigan. All of the meets were telegraphic.
3085 OF MAJOR IMPORTANCE TO YOU— Are the very first days oi school. Oiten they determine a semester! Hit those first assignments HARD. Watch your Purdue News window ot our West Side office. American Laundry West SkU Oifiew 132 ViMSt'’v.: :?'fe M
Sii-j ;
TBtE PURDUi: EXPONENT
Wednesday* September 13, 1939
V
The Upper Classmen Told Him
To subscribe to the Exponent when he registered and be sure of getting the Purdue news every day. There’s humor, dramaties, scandal, society . . . and you don’t want to miss the sports stories and dope on Purdue’s history-making football and basketball team. . Just $3.00 for the Whole Year—Two Semesters Subscribe When You Register Or Any Time At THE MEMORIAL UNION BUILDING SOUTHWORTH’S DEAC” REISNER’S
Every student is held responsible for the notices which are official as published in the Exponent.
This young man \(ras a Purdue Freshman. Upon removing his clothing from the suit cases he found need of clothes cleaning service. . . . He was a stranger in town so he inquired of one of the upper classmen at the house where to send his clothes. He took his friend's advice and he has been a Crown customer ever since.
We Stick to Quality and Service . . . . . and Purdue Sticks to Us