« Z4M
iff ItiUliriit
iw<r2i|?L
Exponent
4~ij
Voltime 4,
mhmUm
We^aaeaday, July 3,1940.
itf - ^'h ^
Leading educational publishers will sponsor an exhibit in the south ball room of the Union. Although the conference is designed primarily for sfehool superintendents and principals from-all over the state, summer school students are urged to attend the meetings whenever possible (admission is fi-ee). Knight To Welcome Group Dr. F. B. Knight, director of the Summer Session, will give the welcome address in the Monday morning session. Among the other speakers listed for the clinic will be J. B. Nash, New York University; A. J. Klein, Ohio State University; B. A. Brownell, Duke University; Harold Benjamin, University of Maryland; Gordon Enders, Purdue; R. W. Tyler, University of Chicago; and Johnson O’Connor, Stevens Institute of Technology. The clinic will be closed with the Summer Session Banquet Thursday ovening, July 11. Dr. F. B. Knight will be toastmaster, and Henry C. Wolfe, convocation lecturer during the past year, will be the principal speaker. Summer school students are invited to attend the banquet.
Rural Insurance Men To Meet Here
For Short Course
Social Committee
There will be a meeting of the summer session social thniinitteo today. Meet at the Union nfest desk at 12 o’clock noon. O. F. Hall, chkirman.
Milo Luka
$48,000 WPA Grant
For Airport
^'fationally known life insurance leaders will appear on the program for the Short Course in Rural Life Underwriting which will be held at t'he University, July 8-20. Several hundred rural life insurance agents from Indiana and neighboring states are expected to enroll for the course, which is divided into two one-week units, the first week to be devoted to basic principles and the second to take up broader problems. During the second week of the devoted to advanced subjects, incourse, July 16-20, which will be eluding the broader problems of selling in rural areas, the lecture staff will consist of twenty speakers representing 17 different organizations. Outstanding Speakers Among the outstanding speakers will be Claris Adams, president of the Ohio State Life, who will discuss “Life Insurance Investments”; Prof. J. S. Bryan, Indiana University, who will take up “Contemporary Savings Plans”; and Harry Wad6, vice-president of American United Mutual Life, who will outline “Principles of Risk Selection.” Winding up the school on Saturday afternoon, July 20, Hugh D. Hart, vice - president of.^ Illinois Bankers Life, will speak on “Why the Life Underwriter?”, while Paul Speicher, of the Insurance Research and Review Service, will discuss “Life Insurance’s Contribution to the Community.” Palmer, Davis Bosses An equally authoritative group of speakers will appear on the program for the first week of the course, July 8-13, when the emphasis will be placed on basic principles. The entire short course will be conducted under the joint direction of Alden C. Palmer, of Indianapolis, director of the educational division of Insurance R and R Service, and Dr. George E. Davis, of the University staff.
A WPA grant of $48,000 making possible a major step in the advancement of University airport facilities in the interest of national defense was announced yesterday by G. Stanley Meikle, airport executive and head of research relations with industry. The grant, which will be used as a part of the Civil Aeronautics Authority program, provides for the erection of an addition to the east end of the present airport hanger which will house classrooms for flying instruction, a workshop, and a research laboratory. The construction for the addition will be done by WPA labor. University airport officials stated that they had no information concerning the letting of contracts or the date on which construction will start.
Irene Feldt Named
Placement Director;
Succeeds Houghton
Irene Feldt, Sqi. ’37, has been made the director of placement of women, to succeed Miss Ruth Houghton, who is to accept a similar place at Wellesley College at Wellesley, Massachusetts. Miss Feldt has been secretary in the office of Dean of Women Dorothy C. Stratton, since 1937. She was the highest ranking member of her class, was active as a student in the WSGA, and was chairman of women at the University. Miss Ruth Houghton, a graduate of Smith College, was assistant director of placement work for three years after graduation, and also took gi’aduate work in New York University in placement and personnel.
Approximately
. . . 400 students and faculty attended the barbecue and fish fry held last Friday evening for summer session students of the University in the grove immediately northwest of the Ross-Ade stadium. Members of the faculty served the tasty meal to the long lines of stu-dent-faculty customers. A program of athletic contests preceded the dinner.
Many Happy Returns ’ ' , (All Edftorial)
Here July 9; 400 Expected , , ; , m ' . o ; ) . I i ■ A i - u . O' d J Publishers To Exhibit In South Ballroom; Meet Ends With Annual SS Banquet
Registration for the University’s third annual Educational Leaders’ Clinic will begin Tuesday morning, July 9, in the Union building. M^eetings of the clinic will be held in the north ball room, and approximately 400 school superintendents and principals are expected to atteiid the course which will end July 11.
. . . will sing the proldgue to “Pagliacci” on the Music Festival program July 13.
Tomorrow is Independence I^ay, the 165th anniversary of the birth of democracy. On that'day the people who had bound themselves together in mutual defense of their God-given birthrights, severed their political cdnnections with the Old World and cast their lot as a nation with the fates and fortunes of the New World. ^ ' That first step toward a permanent independence was no impromptu act of an aroused people but the culmination of centuries of resentment of the tyrannies, the jealousies, afid the persecutions of the Old World. The Declaration of independeflee broke once and fof all the ties that bound the 13 colonies to the countries of Europe. America stands today as the last stronghold of democracy. Having succeeded where others failed in government, the United States at the end of 165 years still maintains her strong position in a world of changing values and shifting fortunes. Still there are those who would make us vulnerable by exposing our position to the very evils which our revolutionary fathers died to eliminate. We cannot by any stretch of the imagination conceive of a reason for entering the quarrel of our neighbors; nor can we follow the reasoning of those who insist that blood ties, the same language, or even the same form of government are enough for which to risk our independence. The Declaration of Independence was a signal for the people of the new nation to take root in the soil of freedom. And take root they did! For 165 years the nation which was founded on freedom of thought and freedom of religion has grown and flourished. And so strong has she become rooted in this rich soil that all the efforts of her enemies have been unable to uproot her. And yet there are those who are once more trying to entwine our destinies with those of the Old World, there are those who would leave the plowing of science and industry, the weeding out of communism and the enemies of democracy, and the harvesting of the fruits of democracy, to meddle in the sharecropping exploits of the European powers. Are we about to endanger the product of the toil of our ancestors, or are we going to continue to cultivate those ideals and principles on which our country was founded ? Tomorrow is the birthday of our escape from the Old World and its evils. Many happy returns of the day!
Housemothers At Training School Elect
Residence Hall Officers, Entertain Guests
By Georgia Carroll In accordance with the procedures of winter school co-eds, members of the Housemothers’ Training School have elected officers for the North and South Women’s Residence Rctlls. North Hall officers for the North and South Women’s Residence Halls. North Hall officers are Mrs. Nell Warren, Indianapolis, president; Mrs. Louise Alexander, Phi Delta Theta house, Washburn College, vice-president; Mrs. Grace McKee, Springfield, Missouri, secretary; Mrs, F. W. Cowing, Rochester, New York, social chairman; Mrs. R. L. Johnson, Kappa Alpha Theta, DePauw University, sports.
Top offices in South Hall are held by Mrs. William Gemmill, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Northwestern University, president; Mrs. Lelia Vibert, Alpha Omicron Pi, Michigan State College, vice-president; Mrs. E. A. Fennel, Alpha Xi Delta, University of Alabama, seertary; Mrs. Cora Case, Pi Beta Phi, Purdue, treasurer; Miss Irene Helgen, Minnesota State Teachers College, social chairman; Mrs. Myrtle Meyers, Alpha Delta Pi, Oklahoma A. and M. College, sports. From Eli Lilly Besides presiding at North Hall meetings, Mrs. Warren busies herself with plans for next year at the Pi Beta Phi house on the Indiana University campus. Although this will be Mrs. Warren’s first introduction to hostess work, she is an experienced business woman, having spent ovei‘ eig’hteen years with the Eli Lilly Company in Indianapolis. During this time she was in charge of the 6 dining rooms in the organization’s industrial cafeteria where meals were served to 500 to 700 employees every day. “With young life all ai’ound, I can’t help but experience a rejuvenation,” says Mrs. Warren who is enthusiastic about her new position. From the point of view of Mrs. Gemmill, a veteran of ten academic
years as Kappa housemother at Noi'thwestern, the training school at the University will be of inestimable value for future sorority, fraternity, and residence hall hostesses. Ever alert to the problems of young people is this snowy haired lady who wears a Phi Beta Kappa key from Cornell College, and the management of a farm near La Crosse, Indiana, is Mrs. Gemmill’s chief interest outside her work at Northwestern. During the remainder of the week Mrs. Ruth McCarn, counselor of women from Northwestern University, will give several lectures to the group on the “Development of Socially Desireable Attitudes” and “Intellectual Stimulation in Living Groups.” ' Visitors Recent visitors to the training school were M. Eunice Hilton, dean of women from Syracuse University, and her assistant Miss Marjorie Smith. Mrs. E. A. Littlefield, financial director for the Delta Delta Delta chapter at the University of Utah in Salt Lake City, also stopped in for a brief visit to the school as a guest of Mrs. H. D. Hines, Zeta Tau Alpha, Northwestern University.
Clyde Onyett
Penalty Days
Today and Friday, preceding and following the vacation for the 4th of July have been named as penalty days by the University. Absence from dass during eitl^r of these days carries with it the penalty of ^5 fine.
. . . minister from Hanover, was awarded top honors in the annual sermon competition at the close of the 12th annual Rui*al Leadership School, which closed last Saturday. Onyett’s sermon, “A Present Day Christian Looks At War,” was ‘ chosen by the judging edmmittee on the basis of English, thonght, a ans sermonio valud.
2nd Annual Music Festival Will Open Here
//
Streamlined Version Of "Carmen
i } 7
In Music Hall Will Climax Program
The University’s second annual Music Festival, to be held in the Music Hall Saturday, July 13, will provide music lovers an opportunity to see the “streamlined version” of “Carmen” and a star ballet as well as Indiana’s aspirants to the Ghicagoland Music Festival. Beginning at 1 p.m., the program includes the individual and choral competitions during the aftemodn,'the ballet and the presentations of winners early in the evening, and “Carmen,” climaxing the evening’s entertainment. _! Outstanding among the Festival
Josephine Swinney
PI ay shop To Present 1-Act Plays, July 10; No Admission Fee
Messer Will Play For Third Mixer
With music styled “Especially For You,” Hank Messer and his band will provide the rhythm for the third mixer of the summer session Friday night. The band features Lew Magill on the celeste and Miss Jerry Ewert and Tiny Morris on the vocals. Arrangements are done in the “Especially For You” style by director Messer. Time and price of the mixer are, as always, 9 p.m. and one dollar per couple.
features is the “streamlined version” of Bizet’s grand opera “Carmen.” Heading the cast will be Miss Josephine Swinney, sopraiio, of the Chicago Opera Company; Dmitri Onofrei, tenor, who just completed a six Week’s tenure in Radio City, N. Y.; Milo Luka, baritone, who was formerly with the National Opera in Prague; and Henry Thompson, baritone, who studied under the Italian, Lombardi, teacher of Enrico Caruso.
. . . will fill the title role of “Carmen” July 13 in the Music Hall.
Summer session Playshop will present three one-act plays for the first summer dramatic night program Wednesday, July 10. The production will be the first dramatic performance to be stages in the Hall of Music. There will be no admission charge for either of the dramatic night performances, the second of which will be July 31. Playshop Director John Deitrich yesterday announced the casts of the three plays to be presented on July 10. Joe Martin, Bob Peterson, Jean Booth, and Charles Hough are included in “Alchemy” a play written by Harold Hershenow, a former University student. “Refund,” a comedy farce concerning the American education system, will be acted by Robert Molitor, portraying the part of a student. Sterling Show, president of the University satirized in the play; John Peters, head of mathematics; Arthur Stihe, head of physics; William Callamann, head of history; Charles Powell, head of geography; and Dorothy Bertsch, secretary. The final play of the evening, “Beau of Bath,” a play in verse dealing with ‘ reminiscences of an old man, will include in its cast Harold Martrix, portraying the old man, Irene Saakacs, and William Callamann.
To Take 70 Minutes
Characteristic of the “streamlined version” is its shorter length, 70 minutes, and the absence of long detailed arguments irrelevant to the main part of the story. Dialogues between the players carry the story rapidly ahead, and the talking will be entirely in English. A. F. Thaviu, widely renowned Chicago conductor, will direct the program, and his 26-piece band will provide the music. All of Thaviu’s band are members of the Chicago
Symphony Orchestra.
Preliminaries for the Chicagoland Music Festival will constitute the afternoon program, competition being held among choirs, choruses.
vocalists, accordionists,, violinists,
and baton twirlers from everywhere in the state. Prelims In Union Vocalists will begin competition at 1 p.m. in the Music Room, instrumentalists at the same time in .the Faculty Lounge, and baton twirlers in the ball room. Judges will include Mr. Roger Lee, Centralia, HI.; Mrs. C. Lloyd Billman, Manilla, Ind.; and Mr. F. P. Sanders, Wheeling, W. Va. The two best contestants in each event will go to the Chicago Music Festival later this summer. The evening program of the Music Festival will begin at 8:15 in the Music Hall. Philip Maxwell, director of the Chicago Music Festival, will be master of ceremonies, and the first part of the program will include presentation of the aftemoou’fi; winners, and a ballet of 14 members starring Miss Ruth Pryor, who was with the Chicago Civic Opera Co., for six years and N. Y. Metropolitan Opera Co., for two years.
Tiefeets
Tickets wHl be available at Decker’s and the Foster Shop in Lafayette and at Deac’s, Southworth’s, the University Drug Store, the Union West Desk, and A1 Stewart’s office in the Music Hall. Students go to the Cashier’s office to obtain ticket coupons worth 25 cents <to which they must add 25 cents for general admission tickets or 75 cents for reserve seat tickets.
A. E. Kemmer Starts
Work On Ag Annex
Co-ed Hours Hour for tonight and tomorrow night will be 12 o’clock. Friday regular summer session hours will be resumed. WSGA Judicial Board.
A. E. Kemmer, Lafayette contractor, who Satmday was the low bidder for construction of an addition to the agricultural engineering building here, started operations yesterday. His bid was $145,680, about $4,000 below the next complete bid. Other bidders were K. H. Kettlehut of West Lafayette and the Wm. P. Jungclaus Company of Indianapolis. The addition to the building will be 143 by 165 feet and will practically triple the size of then present agricultural engineering httUding, the first unit of virhieh Several years ago.
IHjpaiip
K
PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, July 3, 1940,
^^5*^ Colunm
Erery column has a platform except us. We have a policy, but no platform, so today we nail down the first plank. (1.) No War Until 1965. * >K * By that time we’ll be too old to fight. * * « We were cleaning out our desk the other day when we came across a summary of all the Student Opinion of America Surveys for the past year. One dated February 1939 asked, If the United States went to war for any other reason than defense of the country, would you volunteer? Answer: NO, 80.3 percent. The next dated October 1939 said. If England and France were in danger of defeat should the United States send troops to aid them? The answer: NO, 64 percent. % Pretty consistent, huh. * * « The third, October, 1939: K England and France were in danger of defeat and the United States declared war would you volunteer? Again NO, 68 percent. If that other 42 percent stick to their word we wouldn’t need a draft. !4« * » But then in April 1939 these same students believed (93.3 percent) that the neutrality act could keep us
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post o ce in Lafayette, Indiana, under ike act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the specitd rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Subscriptions mailed for 60 cents. Publioitioii Staff Editoi^in-Chief — B. W. Donahue News Editor —. J. H. McKee Managing Editor — D. K. Heiple Assodiate Editors: W. £. Heaton, J. A. Purcell, J. L. Traugott. Bininass Staff Local Advertising: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landersj Circulation Manager, B. M. BectenWald. Sports Staff Editor - J. P. Dolan
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Kepreeented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Bepresentatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
out of war. A possible bunch. Looks like a lot of boys who don’t like beans are afraid they’re going to be eating them. >)< s|> We noticed by the papers that Indiana has set up a border patrol to keep out fireworks. That’s a bad move for national defense. If we’re going to have it we might as well start the kids young. The fourth of July has turned out a lot of potential grenade throwers before this. — D. K. H.
Dr. B. F. Caierwood Co-Author Of Text Book Dr. B. F. Catherwood, head of the department of economics and governm^t at Cornell University, Ithaca, N. Y., former Tippecanoe County farm and educational leader, and graduate of the University, IS the author of a new volume, “Basic Theories of Distribution,” which has just been published by P. S. King and Son, Limited, of London, England. The book tells the story of early leaders in the field of distribution and finance and comes as a result of studies made by Dr. Catherwood in England in the summer of 1938, when he collaborated with Frank E. Gannett, newspaper publisher and recent candidate for the Republican piesidential nomination, in a study of industrial conditions abroad.
Comfy against a chill breeze. Smart around your hips. Flattering over your curls—wear a shawl from now on. ^.00 to 2-98
Dairy Science Men End Sessions Here Harry W. Cave, of Oklahoma A. and M. College, Stillwater, Okla., was elevated to the presidency of the American Dairy Science Association Saturday as the thirty-fifth annual meeting came to a close at the University with a record breaking registration of 715. The attendance, including scientists from 36 states, Canada, and Hawaii, ex-' ceeded by 95 the previous high total. At the final business session Saturday, it was voted to hold the 1941 meeting at the University of Vermont, Burlington, Vt., and the 1942 meeting at Michigan State College, East Lansing, Mich. Chairman of the three sections of the association were named as follows: production, W. E. Peterson, University of Minnesota; manufacturing, C. D. Dahle, Pennsylvania State College; extension, 0. Hill, Oregon State College. J. H. Frandsen, of Massachusetts State College, was officially cited by the association for his outstanding contributions to both the dairy industry and the organization as a research worker, teacher, and editor.
W. A. Hanley ... of Indianapolis, BSME ’ll was nominated for the presidency of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers at Milwaukee, Wise, lecently. This nomination is considered tantamount to election. A mail vote is taken, and the new officers assume position at the annual winter meeting in New York. Hanley is a member of the board of directors of Eli Lilly Co., Indianapolis.
Bold and Black Attention men! Here is your big chance. Ginny Schaupp, Kappa beauty (?) is now on the loose. Bob Bailey, her one and only, has left to play a little baseball for the Minor leagues. Come on fellows give her a break. —B & B— Bob Peterson seems to be very down hearted these fine summery days. Do you suppose that it is because his blonde has left for the West? —B & B— We see that the Kappa’s are doing a little pre-season rushing or was that just an old maid’s sewing circle we saw in the Union Grille Tuesday noon. Me thinks that it was rush! —B & B— Alice Newton, Theta big gun, is seen hanging around the Phi Delt house every afternoon. We didn’t know the Theta’s went in for such sport. . —B & B— We see that Ken Strickler, Phi Kappa Sig dub, and Jane Smile Ramsey have purchased an automobile (?). Ford. It sure looks bad for one of them. Your columnist doesn’t know who is going to get stabbed the worst. —B & B— . We see that Dode Bausman, Sig Ep flash, has now become a charter member of the Phi Mu Scratch Club. He was duly initiated Tuesday night. —B & B— Lover Dick Tesch of the ATO Tesches doesn’t seem to be pininaway for Jane Robinson. We see him tripping across the campus every day with a rather attractive young lass.
The Tops in Hotel Stops HOTEL FOWLER BLUE BLAZER WALNUT ROOM COCKTAIL LOUNGE CAFE Both Air Conditioned
For Economy
The Lahr Hotel
TO OUR PATRONS Every citizen will share in the cost of the NEW U. S. DEFENSE PROGRAM. Starting July h, 1940, we were required to collect a tax of 10% on all theatre admissions of 21c or more. In view of the emergency, we feel certain our pa~ trons will be willing to cooperate.
LAST TIMES TODAY
unnism LAST TIMES TODAY
The Grendetff GayMl EflterMinment tn Y«ml lojin CBAWFOBD raeDBic MABCB amfgQ^,
THUR. - FRI. - SAT— HMm UNIVERSAL PICTUng
★ wif/i MISCHA AUER ★ EUGENE PALLETTE * BILLY GILBERT
MARS and LAFAYETTE ADMISSIONS MATINEE EVENING Balcony: Balcony; EsL Price .... 25c Esh Price 30c Defense Tax . . . 3c Defense Tax 3c Total . 28c Total 33c Main Floor: Main Floor: Est. Price 30c Est. Price 40c Defense Tax 3c Defense Tax 4c Total 33c Total .44c Children Always 10c Evening Prices Prevail Sundays and Holidays
IMOA LAST TIMES TODAY Shirley Temple
"THE BLUE BIRD" IN TECHNICOLOR — PLUS — HUGH HERBERT CONSTANCE MOORE — IN — "LA CONGA NIGHTS" THURS.-FRI.-SAT. 2 First Run Hits J. CARROL NAISH JEAN CAGNEY — IN — "QUEEN OF THE MOB" — PLUSBOB LIVINGSTON — IN — "Pioneers of the West" —ADMISSION — MATINEE All Seats 20c EVENING
Balcony Main Floor: Est. Price Defense Tax
Total .. . Childr^ Always 10c
ZOc
22c 3c
25c
United Airlines Official Kathryn Ergenbright
Visits University Port
W. A. Patterson, president of United Airlines, visited the University ajrport yesterday to discuss aeronautical research problems with G. Stanley Meikle, airport executive and director of University research and relations with industry. R. D. Kelly, supervisor of engineering research; J. B. Thiess, legal advisor; and Albert H. Pendleton accompanied aPtterson here.
... a graduate of the University, class of 1934, has been placed as a home demonstration agent in Benton County, with the county extension office in the new Federal Build-
ing, Fowler.
Fortune Shoes
AIR CONDITIONED
LAST TIMES TODAY
and His Wonder Horsed TAIilfAN'
— Also — 'BOY SCOUTS TO THE RESCUE' Serial
—THUR. - FRI. - SAT.— TOO BUSY TO WORK COME ON RANGERS DRUMS OF FU MANCHU
AIR CONDITIONED COOL
—TODAY— Three Big Hits LOUIS-GODOY , i FIGHT PICTURES ERROL FLYNN in DAWN PATROL — PLUS — TROPIC HOLIDAY with BOB BURNS — MARTHA RAYE
STARTS THURSDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
BETTE DAVIS GEORGE BRENT — IN — DARK VICTORY — PLUS — I MET HIM IN PARIS with Claudette Colbert Mevlyn Douglass — Added — March of Time Bottle Fleets of England
Refreshing cool and correct — are your handsome ventilated Crosby Square Shoes . . . Patterned after shoes of fashion leaders seen at famous resorts . . . Rich in the cool comfort that helps you keep up your pep and appearance . . . Try on a pair now at our store. $4.00 B & W Shoe Co. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE BOOBLE DOLLAR VALUE
Tussy eay de Colegsie $1, 12 ounces Choice of 3 scents Feels blissfully cool lo dusty, perspiring skin I Dob on face, wrists, neck for a quick freshener. A perfect summer body rub. New Mountain Laurel Bouquet, popular Tropical Spice, or Natural. Sprinkler fop .... Also 6 oz. size for 50^.
(PhAAvftat , dfipeoJumoL Your confidence returns when you knot^ your appearance is neat. Don^t take a chance in the suxnmer. Have your clothes cleaned by—
Phone 4081
4081 Phone
-The Lowest Price That Qutdity Permits-^
fsssmmmamWednesday, July 3, 1940.
PURDUE EXPONENT
At Civil Camp With Suds Saturday, June 22—Several members of camp found themselves in a bit of difficulty with the game warden this morning. Hunting out of season. We conducted a hunt for small game last night for the sole benefit of Ed Miyamase, who coming from Hawaii, had never seen snipe, nor hunted them. Fifteen of us conducted poor Ed to the depths of the back gullies and left him holding the bag (we thought) while we beat the bushes for those little blind animals. I met up with two of the boys and finally persuaded them to start back to camp. After four hours of walking we arrived at the mess hall to find the entire gang (including Ed) waiting there to give me the horse laugh. Profanity was cut to a minimum this morning due to the fact that someone took the bell. The tradition is that the first person up after the bell is stolen took it. A member of my party arose at 6:30 (4:30 God’s
time), the first time he hadn’t been late for breakfast. Looked kind of suspicious. Sunday, June 23—The old saying that there is always room for one more still holds at Ross camp. At least it did last night when Olsen’s car pulled out with a personnel tonnage of 1,649.88 pounds. , The night proved too much for most of the ^'s judging from the absent seats at breakfast. (Say when is breakfast served on Sunday.) The one who retrieved the bell rang it, none too gently, at 2 and again at 4 a.m. Thursday, June 27—Prof. Todd and Mr. Kemmer are the only two in camp with perfect batting average^. Springer’s Slaphappy Sodapples and Preel’s Ferocious Fighters are running neck and neck for first place with 1000 percent average. Measured the cubic foot discharge of water in the Wabash today— 2132.998 cubic feet per second. Saturday, June 29—Help wanted: Any co-ed interested in doing astronomical observations during the next two weeks will be more than welcome. —paid ad— “Suds” Lux.
Mid-West Druggists To Meet Here July 8 For Short Course Druggists from Indiana, Ohio, Illinois, and Kentucky communities are expected to register at the University, Monday, July 8, for the first annual short course for drug clerks, conducted by the pharmacy school staff. The short course will continue through July 12. The program for the course has been divided into four parts with equal time allotted to each phase of the instruction. Discussions of commercial, professional, and cultural subjects -will occupy approximately three-fourths of the time, and the remainder will be given to recreation and entertainment for the course enrollees. The program of events and discussions scheduled for the first two days of the short course follows: Monday, July 8 Memorial Building, Main Lobby 9 to 12 Registration and “Checking In”
TOP VALUE
in SMART SLACKS and SPORT SHIRTS
Dress for the hot weather in light, cool clothes. Let your body breathe. You will look better and feel better.
WASH SLACKS $1.65 to $3.50 DRESS SLACKS $3.00 to $7-50 SPORT SHIRTS sj.oo to ENSEMBLE SUITS S3 50 to $9 95
Memorial Union Building, East Faculty Lounge 1:16 “Opening Message” Dr. C. B. Jordan, head of pharmacy school. 1:80 “Announcements” Henry W. Heine, of the phai^macy school staff. 1:45 “Official Compendiums” C. B. Jordan. 2:16 “Human Understanding” R. J. Greenly, of the educational and applied psychology department. 3:00 “Open for Business” Fred A. Russell, University of Illinois. 4:00 Softball Game Registered vs Non-regis-tered Drug Clerks Stuart Field, beside Pharmacy Building and Music Hall. Tuesday, July 9 8:30 “A Pharmacist’s Library” C. O. Lee, of the pharmacy school staff. 9:00 “The Sex Hormones and Related Compounds” Carl J. Klemme, of the pharmacy school staff. 10:00 “How to Sell Vitamines” R. J. Kiefner, the Upjohn Company. 11:00 “Better Selling, Demonstrated” P. E. Lull, of the speech
Max Baer Hits Comeback Trail With Galento TKO
Max Baer, the California family man who swore that he would hit Tony Galento so hard that the beer would spurt, made good last night when he scored a technical knockout of Jersey City Tony at the end of the seventh round of their scheduled 16 round go. Thirty thousand fight fans paid admission to the Jersey City Giants’ ball park to see Baer hit the comeback trail that must lead inevitably to Joe Lewis’ nationally famed chopping block. department. Pharmacy Building, Main Lecture Room 1:16 “Developing the Sundry Business” M. L. Sutton, Mooney-Mueller-Ward Company. 2:16 “Highlights and Shadows” (sound picture) E. J. Robb, Eastman Kodak Company. 3:16 “The Photo Line for Pun and Profit” E. J. Robb, Eastman Kodak Company.
Save as Much as 22 Cents or More, Quality for Quality, by using Shadow-Art’s Exclusive Photofinishing Service Do Not Risk Favorite Films to Imitation Finishing. Ask for Shadow-Art Service at Southworth'S 308 STATE STREET
/
RELAX Your Mind and Body During These Hot Summer Days in the BoivUm^ OUsdjA. and the SUUa/vcL fioom. Downstairs in the JhsL fiwtdusL WsmrfdoL UnwtL The Comer of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
On The Baseball Front By Arch
It would seem at first sight that the naming of old stanby-veterans to the American ariA National League all-star squads should simplify the arrangement of the batting order ... this is nevertheless untrue . . . none of the Yankees could qualify for any of the top four spots , .. stellar performances by all of the Yanks would leave the majority of fans still shrugging their shoulders. —bbf— The only American League teams which could place their nominated members near the top of the line-up are Cleveland, Boston, Detroit, and perhaps St. Louis. Finney, Cramer, Foxx, and Williams of Boston are batting second, third, fourth, and fifth in that ofder at present. Only Mack of Cleveland, McQuinn of St. Louis, and Greenberg of Detroit seem eligible for the higher spots. —bbf— We like a line-up something like this: Finney, rf; Mack, 2b; Greenberg, If; Foxx, lb; Williams, cf; Keltner, 3b; Appling, ss; Hemsley, c; Feller, p. Greenberg’s short outfield experience confines him to left field, while Williams’ superiority at tending the outer gardens makes him, along with his hitting, the ^choice over Joe DiMaggio for center field work, in spite of the fact that he is a leftfielder at Boston. For fielding smoothness in the infield, Boudreau may take Appling’s place at short. Other choices seem quite logical. —bbf— At least the National League nominations satisfied more fans than did those of the junior circuit. . . . Conservatism held sway however while the managers^cast their ballots . . . again it was noticeable that a catcher who would otherwise miss out in the nominations rode in on the coattails of a star pitcher . . . Hemsley accompanies Feller. . . . Lombardi follows Walters and Derringer. —^bbf— The Nats might well appear in this order: Lavagetto, 3b; Herman, 2b; Joe Moore, If; Mize, lb; Ott, rf; Terry Moore, cf; Jurges, ss; Lombardi, c; Derringer, p. First to get the call for relief duties will be Walters of Cincinnati or Wyatt of Brooklyn on the mound, McCormick of the Reds at first, Medwick of the Dodgers in left field, and Max West of Boston in center field. Danning is most eligible for backstop work once the( Cincinnati pitcheis ai’e withdrawn. —bbf— Flash . . . the Cincy Reds have annexed some of the Purdue talent in the form of Bob Bailey, who was eligible for another year’s work for the Gold and Black . . . Bailey is now on a Cincinnati farm club, playing for Durham, N. C., in the Piedmont League . . . Class B work will give Bailey, who will be 21 in October, no little competition and a lot of seasoning, for the season is little more than half over and the warm weather hasn’t even started.
Classified Ads Lost—One round pearl brouch, pearls r6tating from center, in Union. Reward. Phone 6400. Horrall.
Let’s be thankful we have our Independence to celebrate July 4th SOUTHWORTH'S will he closed all day*"Tp:T"'
PURDUE EXPONEHT
Wednesday. July 3, 1940.
It’s GREAT to be an AMERICAN
-vt Xi> 4-
A man died last night . . . died with an arm torn away, his stomach contorted by short rationing . . . died writhing with his face turned into earth churned soft by the feet of troops. He lies there still . ; . powerless now to hear his young son crying, to stop the leather-heeled marauder who sacks his home, to see the flames leap up as they spread across the open town he left so recently. ^ But he, the dead soldier, was no American. Too, bad, that. If this had been his country he might have sat in the ball park last night and watched the great DiMag blast one over the left field fence. Or he might have heard Bing Crosby on the radio. He’d have come home from work, walking with his coat over his arm ... or he’d have hopped a bus, or an elevated, or a street car. Or he’d have driven his own jaloppy, yelling "Howdy!” to Jim Brown as he turned the corner into his own street. His young namesake would have been jumping for the funny papers before he’d have been able to get into the house; and once inside, his wife would have told him about the new blossoms in the garden as he washed for dinner. Maybe he’d have topped off the meal with cherry pie and later in the evening he might have orated long and loud on the virtues or evils of his favorite subject—politics. He might have done all that and gone to bed with no greater worry than the thought of having to pay the light bill in the morning. That’s what it is to be an American. It’s waking up with nothing to mar the sky but a cloud that looks like rain. It’s celebrating the Fourth of July— Inddependence Day—with a family picnic. It’s writing a letter to the editor and telling him what’s wrong with the government, or it’s a year going by without seeing a soldier. It means all this to be an American . . . and it’s great!
4- 4These American Business Men Appret ciate the Opportunity of Doing Business the Americain Way:
Geisler's Universify Book Store Bossung Shoe Repair Yellow Cab Co. Peter Anderson Garage Haywood Publishing Co. American Laundry & Cleaners Michael Sale Co. Lafayette Transit Co. Edgerton Hardware
Sunshine Farm Lafayette Ice & Coal Ed & Dick Hamburger Inn Huneck's Glass & Paint Co. The Brown Derby Tap Room fir Cafe Lamb's Tap Room The Gun Club Eisenback jewelry Risk Dental Clinic Theimi Cr Wangerin
North Star Coal Co.