Volume 51, No. 179
Wednesday, May 15, 1940
We cut his legs off and called him Shorty. This is the sports editor, folks. Any resemblance to alumni living or dead is purely coincidental ... I hope, I hope.
Bold and Baudy editorship goes to none other than Proxy Elliott. He deserves this position for his deep and concerned interest in the column.
Co-ed editor Frankie Hockema will assume his duties at once. His ability to get along with other girls makes him an ideal choice for this job.
Business manager Bill Bodden has decided to add to his duties as prom committee chairman and take on another graft job.
Propaganda m i n i s t e r Martin Fisher, will direct the dirt which the paper has had to put out over the editor’s name heretofore. I/’s about time he took the blame for something.
ioc filler Is It - Expo iored
Feature editor Okie Hall will occupy a newly create position on the staff this year. We created the job so that we wouldn’t hurt his feelings.
Kids To Get Stewed
Bowing to a growing demand, the Union will inaugurate a custorn this Saturday night at the i-egular mixer that is already widespread and tremendously popular among other Big Ten schools. Beer on draft wiir be served in the great hall. When questioned regarding this abrhpt reversal of policy, Union manager Valleley mopped his brow and piade a few almost unintelligible remai’ks about vitamin content. Two dark complected individuals present at the interview looked up from their inspection of a display of small firearms and applauded loudly-
Gaggins Warns Late Lounge NeckersTo Lie Down On Job “Well, the fun’s ovei’, kiddies. Better pack up your odds and ends and truck along to new happy necking grounds,” thus spake Vice-Squad Captain Joseph E. Gaggins of the Lafayette Police Department last night in a formal statefnent delivered to late-neckers in that famous Mecca of lovers — the west lounge of the Union. Faces w^ere quite red. In fact, it was stated, in an exclusive interview with us by a certain Miss Hotstuff “who has done this so many times” that she went unnoticed by the vice-squad in the tangle and was able to observe carefully each and every action, that everyone was “simply in a mess, and I have never seen so many red and embarrassed faces.” Charges were not filed against the neckers, but Vice-Squad Captain Joseph E. Gaggins said that “there will be no . more of this.’’ Potent neckers are warned by both police officials and University officials to refrain from necking in the lounges of the Union hei’eafter. In another exclusive interview, Joe McGillituckity, Union clean-up-per, said it “makes so much mess.” The heat is off,, kiddos!
f/
Roscoe Haas' "Cary Corns To Blow At Spring Formal
The ever popular Roscoe Haas has finally been signed to play for the Cary Club spring formal in place, of Glen Grey and his Casa Loma, band on account of “Mike” Arbuckle got in a poker game at Jakes and lost the club’s slush funds. Says Mike, “Roscoe is plenty tough and we want to keep the money in our own midst anyhow.” Roscoe Haas organized his band of blows early last fall. Since then he has played for the elite of the campus. Roscoe will feature ‘She Had To Go And Lose it sit the Aster’ and ‘I’m a Virgin but I’m on the Verge.’ Thor Nygreh, that vivacious blond from Cary Hall West, will be the song bird at the fete, Thor is also the slap-happy leader of the Cary Hall Glee Club. Say, Haas, “Who is this guy Grey /anyway? We know what these Joes /want and we’re going to give it to them so help me.” As a special added attraction Mike says it’s o’kay to pitch a bit of woo in the lounges of the halls. This will be especially appreciated by the lads with the sexy imports.
Students
. . . we congratulate you .on your choice. At last you have chosen the . men for the job—the biggest job of the year. We thank you for electing us as co-chhirmen of the 1941 Prom Committee. And in appreciation we pledge ourselves to the following : 1. A band that will tickle your toes and not your sit me downs. 2. Intermission with time for and plenty of short beers^—we provide the stretchers. 3. A side splitting and slightly on the isly floor ^how—Doc Miller promised us. -4. Co-eds might as well stay out all night. Stratton won’t mind. 5. Tomato juice served in all 8 o’clock classes And if that isn’t enough, address all complaints to the prom committee in the persons of / Bill Bodden and Bill Fleetemeyer.
Faculty Pulls A Blitzkrieg; Rag Goes Under New Regime Meeting last night with the University publications board, the EXPONENT electoral board selected the staff which will decide the policies of the EXPONENT for the coming year. Certain changes has been made in the set-up which will increase the efficiency and harmony of the staff. Doc “Fishy” Miller who has main- , '■ ■ ■ ^'. ■ '
tained he could i-un the EXPONENT from his “den” in the Exec Bldg, won the'post of editor-in-chief when he rolled two sevens in succession. Dotty Stratton who has been wanting to manage sum-pin’ around here for a long time got the office of managing Ed. Martin “Baldy” Fisher was . caught where the hair was thin and sucked in on being propaganda ministex-. ' Prexy RakeS Muck We found a little man running doWn the halls of the Union chuckling gleefully to himself. We caught up with him and asked him what was so funny. He said that he knew so much dirt about the University administratioxi that we made him Bold and Baudy editor. We expect great things from our little man Eddy “Suspicious” Elliott. Frank (pile it on the other side) Hockema gbt his post of Co-ed Editox*. (The lucky stiff.) Rounding out the editorial staff, the publications board, created a new editor-Feature Editor. Okie Hall will be the first to ever hold this office, . ’ EXPONENT, never a paper for advertising, continued its policy of decreasing “ads” by electing Bill “I’m all mixed up” Bodden, Business Manager. Stooge Fletemeyer, will assist.
Explanation
This is one of the last editions of the Exponent that some of the present senior and junior officers and sophomores will edit. It will be the last time that some of PurdUe’s fifth estatfers will type a—30—to the end of a story. Mournful? Not a bit, we enjoyed every bit of it. We have tided to give you “Straight Goods” most of the time. Maybe we succeeded, maybe not. We tried. But today we had to break
loose.
There are a few stories in today’s edition that are “Straight Goods,”
Changes in the set-up for next year’s paper include the following: 1. Present freshmen wox’kers will take over duties of junior editors. 2. AH present sophomores will become juniors, and present juniors will become seniors. Simple isn’t it? Yes. - ; 3. ' An appropriation of $50,000 will be handed over to the outgoing seniors tp be used by them to buy the EXPONENT necessary equipment for the coming year. Gadl We almost forgot to announce the new Sports Editor". We caught “Shorty” stuck in the mud in left center field of the baseball diamond. He is still waiting for the Pittsburgh Pirates to come up to bat. ' Incidentally if you don’t believe this story we will ruh it again tomox’row to show you! Tdrrio Presents Famous Leather Medal To Terrio Don Terrio will x’eceive this year’s Leather Medal and “Gloomy Gus” Trueblood will receive the Best Teacher Medallion, it was announced last night by Don Terrio, president of Sigma Delta Chi, national journalistic honox’ary. Don Tex’rio has been awarded the Leather Medal for his outstanding contribution to the University in the past year. His contributions to the University includes 150 editorials, 150 headaches, 87 orchids, 92 caps and gowifs, a half a dozen ad cards, a few odd, very odd- cords, a washing machine, and one appendectomy, according to Don Terrio, his closest friend. Tx’ueblood, as we said before was awarded the Best Teacher Medallioii. No comment. Seriously speaking, though, Terrio has announced a SDX meeting to be held tonight in the PIA office at 7 o’clock. Plans will be discussed for Newspaper Day which will be
they will be marked —sg— at the # held here on the campus Friday,
end of the stoi'y. The rest.of the copy should be read with a small grain of salt. If you are in doubt about some of the —^sg— stories call one of the staff up and we’ll
give you our opinion.
Well, anyway it was fun writing
this stuff. . ,
Mortar Board ... co-ed drinking honorary announces the pledging of the following honorary in'embers: Mx‘. I. Z. Budweiser, Mx’s. Q. L. Schlitz, Mrs. L. X. Pabst, Mrs, H. B, Tayern, Mx’s. B. Y. Drewry, ^nd Max Baer.
A. .B Jerfinkle
... ’98 has been promoted to first vice president in charge of sweeping up in the morning and dressing window dummies of the Elite Clothiei-’s Company of Kokomo. To his classmates, Jerkfinkle was affectionately
known as “Stinky.”
Catalyst Club . . . chemical drinking honorary announces the initiation of the following men: I. Z. Budweiser, Q. L. Schlitz, L. X. Pabst, Harrison B Tavern, B. V. Drewry, and Sally
Raiid.
Stage, Stump, Studio Banquet Scheduled For Tomorrow Night Ninth annual stage, stump, and studio banquet will be held tomorrow evening at 6 o’clock at Lincoln Lodge. Main speaker for the evening^ program will be Arthur Secord of the Univex-sity of Michigan, who will speak on “The Reward,” while Benny Burns will act as master of ceremonies. Prof. Monroe, of the speech department, will present merit awards to the top ranking members of playshop, WBAA staff, and debate and speech organizations. Other awards will be presented to members of playshop by John Dietrich, of the speech department, to debater’s by P. E. Lull, speech department, and to radio staff members by G. D. Williams, WBAA program dix’ector. As part of the evening’s entertainment, Joe Karnowsky will razz the faculty, while G. D. Williams will cx’iticize the students.-Members of playshop will present a shoX’t skit, written especially for the banquet by Chuck Hax-t. Tx’ansportation for those who don’t have cars will leave Fowler Hall at 5:30. —sg KissaNuGi ... necking honorary, last night elected the following o%cers: Jean Halmond, president; Helen Ritchey, vice president;.and Sue Condit, sec-retary-treasurer.
Editor-in-chief Doc Miller. The, genial Doc could not be reached late last night to comment on his election. Apparently he is “still ignorant” of the whole thing.
Managing editor Dotty Stratton has because of her ability to get things done oii time and we do mean that good night kiss. Exponent will now be out at 1 a.m.
'Hie! Pass The Beer' This morning at 3 o’clock Miss Amy Howe, Prof. Edith Gamble, and Prof. Laurentza Shantz-Halisen returned from the annual home economics beer party which was held this year at the Breweries University at Gscalousa, Iowa. The guzzling sessions took place every night during the three day bock fest in the Gscalousa tavern “Riptide.” Miss Howe had the women in stitches with her dissertation on ‘‘Tunes To Sing With the Stein” and Miss Shantz-Hansen gave a heart rending demonstration on the proper stance under a table. The convention finally adjourned with the Women singing “Virgin Sturgeon Is A Very Rare Fish” while waving beer steins.
Boilermakers Elect Two Men To Sweep Elections Returns of the SAA elections held yesterday show a sweeping victory for the Boilermaker party. Boilermaker Gordon Peterson polled 1,234 votes, the largest number received by any of the candidates, while his running mate Dick Raney received 1,197 to beat Bill Lancet, who polled 1,119 votes and Bob Gimlin, who received 1,118. 1,069 students voted the straight Progressive ticket, and 1,116 voted straight Boilermaker. — _( ^ ; Sigma-Chi Bud Taylor was elect-
ed president of the SAA and Lambda Chi Alpha .-Tom Noland was chosen secretary. Members of the committee which chose these officers Were senior president Dick
■r, ji- i. j 1 Stapleton, senior secretary Hank Deadline was met and copy clean- J rrV ^ iv 11 iv , r razee, Noble Kizer, athletic direced and the pamphlets are now ready x ■ . j, j- X v .• All xc X j X tor, G. A, Yoimg, chaxx’man of the for distribution. All of you students _ _ who have planked down the neces- faculty committee on athletic afsax’y spondulax may join the mob fairs, and Ted Axton, president of to clasp your arms around the De- the “P” men’s club, bris pamphlet today. Distribution of —sg— the stupendous edition will be made
between 8 and 8;15 a.m. this morn-
ing.
(Continued on page 4)
DePaul University’s placement bureau reports 40 per cent more
placements than in 1939.PUBDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, May 15, 1940
I Penonne/ Notes | Mr. I. M. Swindaller, vice presiident of the Little Ajax Motors, plans to visit the campus Thursday afternoon and will interview high ranking mechanical engineers who have had experience screwing and lightning bolts on the assembly line.
Mr. I. B. Sleepy, of the International Bed Corp., wishes to employ two science seniors for the bed testing department. High wages! Eds only!
Mr. H. Walker, Boctor and Bramble, will interview two seniors for a high pressure salesmanship position selling soap. Slippery individuals need not apply.
Mr. J. L. Wilson, General static Corp., wishes to employ a CE senior for k floor-man position. Magnetic personalities are necessary to fill such a position.
Mr. R. F. Hutchins, Hallis Charmers, plans to interview ag seniors as mill hands. He should live in the town!
Miss E. R. Smith, Whift and Co., will interview senior home ec coeds for positions in their standards division. Co-eds with pins don’t apply-
PdnL and, d(sh.
Along the line of moon and otherwise lit up evenings'll''. . comes the ever-important subject of pin pooshing ... on the campus . . . Anyhow, the annual number of pins planted in the spring seems to be directly pxoportional to the heat. The first time is the hardest, it is said, so all of the sororities are holding special classes in how to hook them. Note: Open to anything in pants, who owns a car ... any night this spring. And your car doesn’t have to have a heater . . . boys . . . not at Purdue, He and She Hi ho! The stewdents, the faculty, and the pitch neckers are all slap happy, now that summer weather seems to have set in. All that it takes is a bright, sunshiney day to bring the gals out for a leg show that would put the follies to shame. We really do enjoy the lack of costumes that women resort to m order to get a sunburn. He and She ■ Incidentally, these moonlight evenings haven’t been going to waste, either, even if they have been driven to the ground . . . Probably the most populated haunts on the WHR lawns and outlying weather territories. One might suggest that you all might try the intramural field . . . where so many of Purdue’s minor (?) sports are held, if you can find your way out there. IM Schedule ) TENNIS Wednesday, Ifay 16 Beta Sigma Psi vs Alpha Tau Omego Sigma Pi vs Phi Kappa Psi Sigma Alpha Mu vs Pi Kappa Phi Freshman: Stettner vs Kalbfleisch Armstrong vs Blustein Hensey vs Baughman Shafer vs J. Hdnson or J. Sells Cary Hall 2 vs Cary Hall 3 Cary Hall 4 vs Cary Hall 6 Cary Hal 6 vs Cary Hall 7 Cary Hall 8 vs Cary Hall 9 Cary Hall 10 vs Cary Hall 11 Cary Hall 12 vs Cary Hall 13 Cary Hall 14 vs Cary Hall 16
LAST DAY—2 FEATURES WALLACE BERRY — IN — "The Man From Dakota" — ALSO — PAT O'BRIEN — IN — ^SLIGHTLY HONORABLE Thur.-Fri.-Sat.—2 Features 3 )ON£S FAMILY — IN — "ON THEIR OWN" — ALSO — DONALD BARRY in "Ghost Valley Raiders"
Briefs By Clarence
Dear Jean, Now that you are living in Lafayette, there are a few things I would like to tell you about Purdue University. I’ve always wanted to tell you some of this stuff, but I just never got around to doing it. Purdue is located on the banks of the Wabash, just high enough so that the water doesn’t get us wet when the river comes up in the spring. Seven thousand suckers attend; about 38 percent of them belong to fraternities and sororities. Twenty percent of them are women^ and most of the rest are men. Theoretically at least, you can learn many things here. I’m sure that you and Tom will want to send little Janet to Purdue when she is old enough. There are a few precautions, however, that you want to take before even considering sending the little brat to Purdue. She should at least be able to keep a straight face in sight of most anything. It’s wise to teach her to be able to ignore a question when it is asked her without losing face among the rest of the students and the faculty. There are a few more confidential things I’d like to say, but I haven’t time now. The spaghetti is boiling over. In case you would like to ask any particular questions, just send a self-addressed, stamped envelope to Judy, in care of Clarence, Exponent office. Love and kisses, Judy.
Bd\
Classified Ads
FOR SALE FOB SAUK — Typnrritan. AH bmOu*. ■tKBdard sad Mid, parehaaod. raatad asad rapalrad. New portabla aimehl»»« aa low aa $2t.75. SappUca. C. F. B^nhefl, 606 Main atreeL
FOR RENT Russ—Rent-A-Oar Servic*. Cara for all occaaiona. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 71644.
Wanted—2 men students for large downstairs room for September. $22.60 per Mo. Room and board. Call 2160. 176 Littleton.
LOST AND FOUND
($5.00 Reward) to finder of my light tan gabardine top-coat. Coat has a military collar, “Finchley” label and a zipper inside for lining. Lost in "Blazer” Sat. night. Call Don Samuelson, 6067.
ARC
-LAST TIMES TODAYJlirobbing Dram^
— ALSO — "Boy Scouts to the Rescue" Serial -THURS. - FRI. - SAT.RIDERS OF THE FRONTIER DEATH OF A CHAMPION DRUMS OF FU MANCHU
Notices
Cliamntry 29 Cenditiana: Exama will be held at 1 p.m. Saturday, May 18, in Dr. McBee’a office in the Chem building. MeBEB.
Alpha Zeta: Special meeting Wednesday, at 7:30 p. m. in room 212 of the Union. —STEWART.
Credit Union: There will be an imiioiv tant meeting of organizers and others interested, at Wesley Foundation house on Thursday, May 16, at 7:80 p.m. —BROWN.
Silver Mask: Meeting Thursday, May 23, at 7 :16 p.m. in room 806 of the Union. —McCONAHAY.
Tan Beta Pi: Initiation will be held at 7 p.m. Wednesday, May 16, in the west faculty lounge of the Union. Election of officers will follow the ceremony. —CATTERALL.
ASME Members: Those members who signed up before January and who have not received back numbers of Mechanical Engineering should see Otis King in ME 112 Tuesday, Thursday, or Saturday of this week between 10 and 11 a. m. (5-16) —KING.
All Students: Any student who has definite plans to change in September from one school or curriculum to another is advised to file his application before the end of the present year. Blanks are at the Registrar’s Office. (6-28)
AH Students: Every student whose plan of study for the year 1940-41 calls for elective or optional subjects is required to make his choice of electives before the close of the present semester. Such a student should consult the Dean or Head of his school at an early date. This notice applies to: all present Juniors except Engineering-Law ; all present Sophomores except in Forestry; all present Freshmen except those ip Forestry and those Freshmen Engineers expecting to take Chemical, Metallurgical, Mechanical or Public Service Engineering, or EngfneeringLaw, and all irregular students. Reprints of the Plans of Study for the various schools ire available at the offices of the School Heads and the Registrar. Also a limited number of Reprints of “Undergraduate Plans of Study and Description of Courses” are available at the Registrar’s Office. The general catalogue is not distributed to students. Copies are available for inspection in the Registrar’s Office and the Library. ^ Ralph B. Stone, Registrar. (6-28)
Fencing Tourney: The following please be at the Fieldhouse to complete finals: Keeler, Stonevic, Koerner, Kaufman, Plummer, Bacin, McCaughey, and Ekeberg. —PITCHER.
Silver Mask: Meeting Thursday, May 16, at 7:15 p. m. in Room 306 of the Union. —PITCHER.
Dear Bull: SAA elections are fine. In fact I liked them very much. But they ain’t fair. In fact it’s like pulling the names out of a hat. I went in to vote and all there was was the candidates names. It didn’t give their party affiliations. How in hell am I to know who I was voting for. After all am I voting for the party or for the man. I demand a recount. After all the 46 times I voted the wrong way might make a difference. —Third Term.
Flying Club: Very important meeting Wednesday, May 15, at 7 p. m. in Room 305 of the Union. 'There will be election of next year’s officers and assignment of work committees for the dance. —KIMBALL.
Cosmopolitan Club: Tickets for dinner dance Friday night must be purchased from west desk of Union by Thursday night. Transportation from room 304 of Union at 6:30 Friday. Picnic Sunday, meet in room 304 at 2 :30 p. m. —SHICKEL. Senators: All senators sign up before Friday, May 17, for the annual banquet to be held Tuesday, May 21. i —VOELKEL. Alpha Lambda Delta; Pay 40 cents for initiation breakfast Sunday to Peg Davis in the women’s lounge at 4 p. m. Thursday. —DAVIS.
Mortar Board Actives: Meeting Wednesday, May 15, at 4:30 in WSGA office. —SAURER.
For Rent—Summer student rooms for fellows in new insulated brick home. Tiled shower, twin beds, private entrance. Reasonable. Ph. 2148.
TOMORROW - FRIDAY Smashing the African Diamond "Ring" ROARING ADVENTURE... THRILLING ROMANCE...
PIA Dance Class: Meeting Wednesday, May 15, at 7:16 p. m. in south ballroom. Co-eds invitel. —TRUEBLOOD.
Senior Military: Representative of the Associated Military Stores Compay will be in the Armory supply room Tuesday, May 14, and Wednesday, May 16, for the purpose of taking orders ORC camp equipment for seniors Contemplating attending this camp. —HATTAN.
Modren Dance Group: Rehearsal Tuesday, 7 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. Rehearsal Wednesday, 4 p. m., Duncan Hall. —HICKMAN.
Glider Club: at 7:80 p. m building.
Meeting Thursday, May 16, in room 804 in the Union —MILLER
Catalyst Club: Picnic Friday, May 17, 1940. Those who wish to go sign up in Dr. Lovell’s office by noon Thursday, May 16, 1940. Meet at Chemistry and Metallurgy Building at 4 p. m. —BERGSTEDT.
Phi Lambda Upsilon: Election of officers will be held Thursday, May 16, 1940, at 7:30 p. m. in room 106 of the Chem. Building. —HALL.
All Students: Outing Club hike to Potter’s Hollow Sunday, May 19, 1940. Leaving State St. and North River Road at 11:80 a. m. Bring bathing suits. Call John Dodds, 63293, or Dwight Cooley, 66273, by Friday if interested. —COOLEY.
All Students: Annual Scare Crow Ball sponsored by Purdue Religious Council will be held at Presbyterian Education Building Friday, May 17, 1940, 9 to 11 p. m. Tickets can be purchased at any of the foundation houses or at the west desk of the Union from the foundation houses to the dance. —WAGNER.
EE Seniors: It is imperative that the form in the main office of the EE building be complete by Friday, May 17. Take care of this immediately. —STRADLING. i!
Sophomoare and Senior Military Students: Will not be required to attend x-hrs from this date. Uniforms will be turned in in accordance with schedule posted on the bulletin board in the Armory. —WISELOGEL.
MT 8 Seniors: Final showing of the War Depkrtment Training films room 104 Armory at 4:10 p. m. Friday, May 17. These films are No. 19, 2 reel sound “Sensing of Field Artillery Fire” and TF No. 16, 2 reel sound “Reconnaissance and Occupation of Position” (by a 76-mm battery of artillery, horse-drawn). Attendance of senior is optional ; others interested are invited. —THOMPSON.
WSGA Executive Board: Regular meeting Wednesday, May 16, at 7:30 p. m. in ahe WSGA Union office. —ZWIERLEIN.
Boxers: There is some boxing equipment in some of your lockers. Please return immediately all equipment to checkout room 5-16-40 BENNA.
Fraternity President’s Council: Special meeting for election of officers at 7:30 p. m., Thursday, May 16, at the Pi Kappa Phi house. —CATTERALL.
All Bovines: Annual silver bell honorary elections will be held on Friday afternoon. May 17, at 4 p.m. Meet behind the barn. —BOSSY.
ARC
STARTING THURS., FRI., SAT. AND CONTINUES FOR 15 WEEKS
tnimmiu
SoffestedflkY/sfrltsiky^ mxt mmMMEm ^ ^wA i' '.‘HENRY. BRANDON ROBERT KELLARDo.GLORIA FRANKLIN
MaiiI
-TODAYDOUBLE FEATURE
BROTHER RAT AND A BABY with PRISCILLA LANE WAYNE MORRIS — PLUS — STAND IN with ’ JOAN. BLONDELL LESLIE HOWARD
Starts TOMORROW TWO FEATURE HITS BORIS KARLOFF MARGARET LINDSAY — IN — BRITISH INTELLIGENCE — PLUS — TOMBOY — WITH — MARCIA MAE JONES JACKIE MORAN
Tan Beta Pi: For all those who are in danger of flunking more than one subject this semester there will be a special tutoring session in room C (of the) Shop. (3atterall will have a private tutor. EILERIN6, McCANNON.
Reamers: A short meeting will be held Friday, May 17, in the Union to discuss plans for the club’s new automobile. If we have another tag day we can get a Packard convertible instead of a Mercury. Come prepared to choose your color. —BOHLIN.
Debris: There will be a brief meeting in the office Wednesday, May 16. This year’s pamphlets will then be distributed. We gave them coverage—we’ve got an aerial photograph of the campM. —McNEIL.
Progressives: The few scattered men who voted yesterday will gather tomorrow evening in the west cow pasture under the Chestnut tree and make plans for a band of Black Hoods. —OH WELL.
Riflery: Practice Wednesday, May 16, in the new Music Hall. Hitler, St^in, and Mussolini will be special guests. There will be no second show. Prizes will be awarded and don’t ask for what I —CHAMBERLAIN.
Chtalyst Club: There will be a tea party Friday afternoon at Dean Fisher’s house. Bring your own steins I —BRAY.
House Mothers: Sorority gals are complaining of loss of sleep due to the Mothers not being in until after 1 a.m. on Sunday morning. Please try to arrange to be in and remember to always set an example for your understudies. -COOLIE.
Playshop: Fowler Hall will be open to-' night for members of Playshop only. Come early and get seats in the top row balcony. Front row will be reserved for Sue Enders and Chuck Hart. I will be in the corner behind the organ. KEPNER.
Horticulture Clnb: The bugs are on the potatoes and the tobacco bugs are chewing so we will meet this evening after dark, sneak up on them and scare hell out of ’em. —’THE BLACK HOOD.
All Army Men: In case war is declared, report to the medical service and receive your shot for weak hearts. —BUTCHER MILLER,
G12: Bury the plates as soon as possible. I saw an FBI man in econ on Monday morning, May 18. —SCARFACE.
All Men: An unescorted co-ed was seen in the vicinity of the campus yesterday morning. There is reason to suspect that she might reappear. All men will meet in Room 204 of tte ME building at 8 a.m. Bring coins and track shoes. —SURESHOT MO.
Dairy Club: These nice spring mornings certainly are inducive to sleep, but the cows must be milked so plan on starting thepulling process at least by the time the sun comes up. —FERDINAND, THE BULL.
Fraternities and Sororities: In case you have planned a picnic for a Tuesday or Thursday evening, no chaperones will be necessary. What Dean Dottle don’t know won’t hurt her. —FISHER.
Union Workshop Committee: Please bring picks and shovels and be at the front door of Fowler Hall at 4 o’clock May 16. We are finally tearing the d—n place down. —CLARK.
Alpha Zeta: Hogs are reported wanderliott would appreciate having them reIng around the new Hall of Music and Elmoved. —MINDFUL.
Hot Peppers: Meeting at Sea Shop (code) Wednesday, May 16, at 11 p.m. Spicy stories will be collected. PEPPER SHAKER.
Pistol Team: Varsity will meet freshmen at 60 paces for the final meet of the year. —FAUT.
WSGA Executive Board: Regular meeting at Jake’s Saturday night at 2:30 a.m. Attendance will be taken. Please be prompt. Gentlemen friends will be welcome. —ZWIERLEOOSr.
New Expo Staff: Meet in the clinic in the Veternary building this evening after supper. We will have to cut the staff to . . . well, we will see after we get in the inside of things. —I SLAY ’EM MILLER.
' Mortie’s sporty—yes—and wise. He knows where to get the buys; For sporting values without peer, Mortie does his shopping here. When your all set to lead the life o’ Riley . . . heading for a taste of fishing, teeing off on your favorite golf course, serving an ace across a tennis net . . . at whatever sport you’ve selected, you need the best equipment you can afford. You’ll always find incomparable values on our counters ... so why not make this your sporting headquarters? DECKER’S
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
ATTENTION .,. MEN ONLY You wouldn't be so gorgeous in one of these . . . But your FEM . . . now couldn't she twist a fetching figure m a . . .
LASTEX LACE with satin panel $2.00 - $2.50 A marvelous inexpensive pantie-girdle of lastex lace with satin panel It gives that smooth and sleek appearance, without the use of boning. Launders as easily as a jersey pantie. Looks as dainty as a piece of sil lingerie.y
y
Wednesday, May 15, 1940
PUBDUE EXPONENT
Union Going To Dogs; Dogs Bark Gleefully
Last night following a meeting of the Union electoral bored, composed of the three senior officers, L. M. Vallelly, and E. C. Elliott, the Union senior bored for the coming year was announced to include L. M. Valleley, Bill Glenny, and Lillian Peterson. This new system of having the Union big guns hold position directly on the bored will eliminate a great deal of red tape. \ Mr. Valleley for a number of year has been functioning as the Union manager. He will fill the position of president, vice-president, secretary, and treasurer. Glenny, who has for
a year been the white collar janitor of the Union, will act as first assistant to Val; his special duties cbnfihed to the paper-bailing department. “Pete” was put on the bored merely because she is a blonde and seemed most like the person to fill the position vacated by “Sliderule” Schickler. She will be in charge of the Grill, Sweet Shop, West Lounge There she will act as chaperone. “The new bored, already that way, is familiar with the Union and its activities. We will, during the coming year attempt to make the building more your building and less ours. There will be no definite change in policy for the time being. One change will be made on the Swe^et Shop menu, that being Wabash Valleley beer ‘On Tap.’ We hope you will all like the change.”
Tennis Squad Must Wot A Game! Tied Gloomy Phillips Preps Charges Face Not One - ^ But 21-13 And Called For Fast, Powerful Hilitoppers
Two Foes This Week Because Of Light
The Place You Have Most Fun While You
Drink the Best Beer
and
Best Cocktails
For the nth time this season Boilermaker linksmen failed to match strokes with a batch of other college golfers and went down in defeat this time by Chicago to the time of 9% to 8%. The local fairway wanderers seemed to have developed a bad case of coming out of matches with scores that resemble Doc Miller’s bowling tallies—^which in some cases might not be so bad for golf —and have yet to win a game on northern soil. The Eiveter divot-diggers defeated the University of Tennessee during their three-match southern trip, but since that time have been having a little trouble in tucking the little white pills in the respective cups.
Haverford College has a new program to train students in work of relief, rehabilitation and social re-
Purdue University’s hard-hitting baseball team walloped the Hawkeyes 21-13 at Bloomington (Indiana) late last night in one of the brightest encounters of the season. The game got dull toward morning as the gas lamps were turned down and dawn replaced them. If the dawn had been concentrated it would have served the purpose adequately, but strangely enough it eluded the outfielders as did the baseball, and nearly proved the downfall of the third base umpire who was hanging from the second tier of the balcony. Play was called at 3:00 a.m., and after seven and a half innings with the Boilermakers leading 21-13 was called by Umpire Fred Willis at 5:15 because of daylight. The new Corsair-sponge covering which had been placed on the diamond kept the field more than dry but not so the players. A flood of
“He came to spend the week-end and he
ten years
99
When Mark Antonywent to Egj^t to capture Cleopatra, he was a long time getting back to Rome—because he probably was captured by that good beer which they brewed on the banks of the Nile. But Mark never tasted a beer so delicious as your own home town favorite—
From the Banks of the Wabash LA FAYETTE BREWERY. INC. LA FAYETTE. INDi
the Purdue Exponent
Service
• School Siippiloi
• Profetaional
"MAC* Everything for a College Education
Ridk Dental Ofnlc Da.PAIW. A. RISK DR. LUTHOt A. RlfK DR. HAROLD |. RMK 4th a MaiR Phene STSt
• Hardware
• Dairy Products
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUMJTT milk Phona 46214
Outfitters for Fratemitiea and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 43M
MILK 30,000,000 BOTTLES DELIVERED DAILY Sunshine Farms Phone 5015
• Locksmith
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks, Auto keys a spodalty. Bicycles, accessories end repeiring. MULHAUFTS 209-11 N. 5th St. Ptwne 2a2a
• jewelers
Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Squera FINE jEWEUY at Atedarate Pricea
Dine
COME OVERI EAT AT ED e DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Mein St. Sc NE sour conn sc
Old man Pessimism hangs around the Boilermaker track camp these days as the bustling Boilermakers prepare for their doom at the hands of Marquette’s Hilitoppers this week-end. Coach Hermon Phillips may be seen running around with his eyes glassy and his chin on his chest muttering incoherently, “Javelin thrower who’s bettered 200 feet, sprinters who check in with :09.7 or :09.8, a pole vaulter who cleared thirteen feet to
get third in the Drake Relays
players rose as one when Willis called Mackiewicz out on strikes in the third frame. Mackiewicz never strikes out and was in the fourth frame anyway, Hearne, Yeager and Willis being in the first three. Fehring continued to shift the lineup last week before this crucial game. He tried it in center field, but lost it. He tried it behind the plate, but it needed a basket. He tried to get it to first base, but failed. Several of the players were recuperating from the usual daily injuries. Stamm, who flew to left field in last night’s tilt, was brought down suddenly when Yeager, the unstbppable, doubled up against the ' fence an^ Brother Bud wanted to see how badly he was hurt. Only minor injuries resulted, Yeager breaking both ankles and cracking a collar bone. He continued to play, however. The hole in the fence will probably be repaired when the New York World’s Fair is over and the fence is sent back to Purdue.
Waterhouse cracked a single, leaving none for the rest of the team. Hearne popped up, and later rolled out. He will be back at second base from now on. Where he may do better.
At a recent radio report Dutch, Pop Doan and Burt Sanders got together and decided that everyone whose fatherland is at war should be dropped from the squad to avoid international complications. So he has the following starters from now on: O’Hearne, O’McFerren, O’Smithson, O’Mackiewicz, O’Waterhouse, O’Vemon, O’Stamm, O’Fisher, with O’Bailey or O’Higgins on the o’mound. O’h my!
- — Ooooh.” Logical backing for Herm’s doleful attitude may be found in the fact that the Hilitoppers recently walloped the fighting Irish of Notre Dame and then went out to walk all over Michigan State 101-30. The Boilermakers nosed out the same Spartans 69-53 earlier in the season. Rumor has it that the boys will leave their neatest uniforms all cleaned of dust thrown from Hilltopper spikes to put them in shape for the Big 9% meet scheduled for May 23 and 24 at Chicago. In meets to date, Coach Phillips has always had a couple of events cinched before his team even took the track, but this time the poor fellow can’t even find one where his fair-haired boyS are sure of a first place. Even Agile Ed Holderman may run into some trouble as he slides down the track in pursuit of new records, for the record books show that the home team will have plenty of strength in the distance and middle-distance events. Everybody’s Worried Tense..- faced athletes jogged around the cinder track in RossAde stadium last night, doging an ambitious frat man now and then, making futile attempts to marshall all possible strength for Saturday’s last stand. Even weightman Jake Weber looked long-faced as he sailed his fluttering discus up and down the greensward, for the big fellow probably realizes that the Hilltopper huskies will be all set to better his tosses next Saturday. So, if you happen to meet one down-cast track coach slouching the campus this week, don’t be too quick to laugh at the imhappy gent. If the same odds were stacked against you, what would you do?
SWITCH TO
Jockey
Summer
UNDERWEAR
comfort starts at
your skin. Jockey's knit fablics absorb and evaporate perspiration, and let your skin breathe. Try them for cool siunmer comfort—and as a bonus get the advantages of masculine support; freedom from bulk. bind, and squirming; and buttonless convenience. In various fabrics and leg lengths, with Jockey Contoured Shirts to match. We hove your size. Originated and Manufactured
by
50
ttp pel garment
Men’s Fttrnishings
Street FlowTp
PUBDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, May 15, 1940
History In The Making; Rats Will Experiment
Modern Paul Revere Warns Nation Of Impending "Fifth Column" Invasion
With Psyc Staff Tonite
Tonipht it is hoped that great news amII be bi’oadcast to all corners of the world from none other than onr own psychology department At 12, midnight, sharp, under the flicker of the dull lights of the Palace of Education fifteen niembei« of the psychology department have agi eed and willingly consented to be subjects for an experiment that may lock the very foundations of past psychological experiments. At this time the 60 wdiite rats the depaitment has in its experimental mazes, cages, ti ick boxes, etc., will dash fiom then little holes to take then subj'ects thiough the paces. First, of all, to prove the hypothesis that humans run mazes bettei undei water, the rats will conduct the honorable subjects to a maze constructed under 40 feet of ivatei, at the end of which is an enticing* piece of cheese. Go to it, boys, and they’re off on a watery start. Surviving this plunge, and enabling the experimenteis to conclude that the cheese was after all the proper stimulus, Professor »!. Q. and his staff V ill paitake of a strong drug— beer. All on the up and up, or rather the down and down, it’s to determine the effect of drugs. After the fifth shoit beer, the rats may decide it has a peifectly devastating effect in the staff and should be used moie often.
Messenger boys sprang to battle stations today as Michigan Representative, Fred Bradley,-delivered a breathless last hour warning of a “fifth column’’ invasion planned to assume control of the U. S. merchant marine. Immediately following the bombshell oration, in which the 1 epresentative denounced governmental leaders and the National Maritime Union for connivance with communist leaders and treasonous plotting, general alarms were sounded and the capitol was cleared and sand-bagged.
also have offered whole hearted coopeiation and in addition to scouring the campus for possible radical “fifth column” sympathizers attempting to undermine campus morale, have agreed to throw a fleet of two or three heavily armored cars into the fray on the day of invasion.
Watch the news-stand for extra editions containing last minute news on\;his newest crisis.
The impending “fifth column” blitzkrieg will affect every part of the nation accessible to navigable waters, especially such thriving ports as Lafayette on the banks of the Wabash. With the coming of the zero hour, apparently innocent flotsam in the river will suddenly sprout guns and caterpillar tracks to go rolling off across the levy spreading destruction and propaganda. The way being prepared, transports will move up the river en masse to land troops whose objectives will be the Monon railroad, a vital center of national transportation. If Lafayette falls, the middle west will be paralyzed.
Whal'sWrong,Huli? Honest Elections?
Against Tradition
What a dull SAA election ... no frauds! Eveiyone was just lovely, no one stuffed the ballot box, no large majorities were piled up, no silly post-election events like pushin a peanut across the hall with the nose. Keeriminy! What an election.
In order to make the report valid foi the Psychological Journal published by the American Association of Rats, the subjects must be put through a practice effect test. They will be made to learn the alphabet and then told to lepeat it 150 times. Does the practice help backwards or foivvaids? Weighty questions must be decided.
Local officials have heeded the warning, and in a special meeting of the founding fathers late yesterday a bill was passed to purchase huge new quantities of up to date laige caliber ammunition for the courthouse defense battery. Police
We didn’t give a damn until some little wench sitting at one of the desks on the long, long trail ballot box said, wrinkling up her nose, “No electioneering at the polls.”
That made us mad, for what the hell were we just looking for, fiauds . . . anything, ye Gods, anything . , .
please let him put that one, ’hi ex-
Debris Completes (Continued from page 1)
tia ballot in the box. Did I just see money change hands over there ? ... giaft? No, damnit, just an conscientious debtor.
The rats ain’t afraid of nothin’. Tonight’s their night and the Journal must be pdS^j^^^giding thru a weary night oi^^^iments and stuff the staff will do its bit for furtherance of psychological knowledge, So gather in the Great Hall of the Palace by the flicker of the dim lights at 12 sharp tonight to be one of the witnesses of the experiment that is to make history.
According to the announcement made by editor Deadline Dick, the pamphlet’s sales reached a new all time high this yeai with approximately 50% copies sold. Bids on the other one half will be received at the desk today. Bids under a nickel will not be accepted.
Perhaps we might have been able to catch some underhand dealings going on behind the scenes when the ballots were counted but maybe we wouldn’t . . . you never can tell about those things. After all, who wouldn’t expect the election to go down the straight and narrow path when the Purdue Honor system is in full effect?
Debris
. . . senior staff will hold a special meeting tonight in the Big Four station to split the swag. All members of the staffs who have not had the opportunity to get anything more than a new car out of their years of hard work will be present to claim their split.
Features in this year’s pamphlet will include the beauties of this year including full page pictures of Jokie Clark and Fishburn. Indiana’s winning basketball team will receive plenty of space. Activities in the sweet shop, airport, men’s bum loom, west lounge of the Union will be there too. Elliott banned all such trite stuff as senior pictures, honoraries, minor activities such as ye EXPONENT, so you readers will be free from reading such tiipe.
The wench was still sitting there at the table when I went down to the polls the second time . . . she still insisted that there would be no electioneering at the polls and I said that I didn’t give a damn . ..
StydenI Service Fund
Complete campus coverage will be made in this 20 page pamphlet so rush right over to join the line and receive your copy. It’s straight
. . . announced yesterday that during the lecent campus drive the fund netted $360. The money will be divided equally between the administering committees of th6 Far Eastern Student Service Fund and the Euiopean Student Service Fund.
£vBJufihm^ cl £oU&qsL £du£cdtiofL
DEAC’S
going-GOING-GONE
GET YOURS BEFORE IT’S TOO LATE!
The few remaining DEBRIS will be on sale at a desk m the Union near the telephone booths. Get yours now.
mo ^ . , mo (DeJbjLUL Complete Campus Coverage
Purdue Exponent
//
R. B. Insler— W. M. Smith..
.Bnataea lUnagiw
Fubliahed daily exe«i>t MoBday dmins tha aeaderaio year. Entered aa aeeaad dam matter at the post offiM in LaCayatta, Indiana, under the Act of Consrees af Bfareh t, 187t, and at the special rate of peetac* prarided for in Section IIU. Aet o< Octaber S. 1917. anthoriaed January 29, 1921.
love And Manual Art" Will Be Topic Of Last Lecture
aapnBaBNTCD for national ADvaRTisiNa ay
National AdvertisingService, Inc.
Razz edition today and we can print all the stuff we have heard all year and thought all year and never dared to put in type. That is if we can remember it all. First a leetle poem. There was a little girl with a pretty little curl Right in the middle of her
CoHtgt Publishen RetiresentaHve
420 MADISON AVE. New York. N. Y. Chicaco - Boston - Los anobles - sah Fnarcisco Dellrered by carrier, |8 per academle year; by mail, $8.60. BusineM afilea locwtM at 812 N. Fifth Street: editorial afloe, Ualan
Buildins: sports office. Field Hanae.
This newspaper b written, edited, and published by underEmdnata students af Puiw due University. All ot>inions ia it, unless otherwise accredited, are student t^niona, and do not necessarily eolneide with the
offloial Universiir ylewpoint.
Seniors who haven’t given or taken fraternity pins already yet will be especially invited to attend (lo the twentieth and last of the senior marital lectures to be given by Yahooti tonight at 11:59 o’clock in the little room in the ceiling of the Hall of Music. This lecture will be open to men and women only.
When she was good she was vei’y, very good But when she was bad she * ^ Can you hum ?
—B & B— Of all the rats! Jim Welsh, Lambda Chi, has had his pin out nine times but has the gall to say this time its for keeps. —B & B— The time is ripe for the University to put up that proposed charged fence around John Purdue’s grave. The bushing season is in full swing. —B & B— Have you ever seen— Steve Fitch with his pin gal? Jack Watson without his pants? Leg show. The card room not filled with Alpha Chis and Pi Phis. Peg Davis with her hair down? Hank Miller’s hair? Boy are you tall. Mai-y’s ? John Van Horn without that stinking pipe ? Jane Robinson not looking surprised ? Legs Mangold with boots on? Dick McNeil in a quandry? Deac’s with a bargain? The C shop over a coke ? Peg Sharkey without her makeup on? Great balls o'fire! A fair election?
A true Boilermaker ? In action ? Elliott without his upper plate ? * H. L. Freyn not looking like the typical joe. Benny Bums graduating. Jack Kuch tongue-tied. —B & B— Elmer Carlquist is having a hard time deciding on what girl in the Concert Choir he wants for his own. That is rather a tough choice, —B & B— Don’t people do anything any more or do we just not get around? —B & B— Puidue Co-eds aren’t as bad as they used to be. You can now tell them from the Home Ec instructors. —B & B— A good one was pulled yesterday during elections. The Progressives had a PA system going full blast in front of the Acacia house. A little man called them up on the phone and informed them that his wife was suffering from a nervous breakdown and the racket was causing her no end of agony. They promptly shut the amplifier off. We know the man personally and while he has no wife he isn’t a Boilex’maker party member. He is a Progressive who thought that the system was doing more harm than good. —B &B— After all the trouble they went to, too.
Professor Yahooti’s talk will deal with what would happen after she took my pin if she would take my pin. He will describe college courtship from the knees up. The outstanding parts of the lecture will be demonstrated by Professor Yahooti and his blonde secretary while the students are provided with dark glasses.
Yahooti is a specialist in his line and boy what a line. He was born in Iceland quite a while ago and has had plenty of time to live, which he has.
He has had many hairbreath escapes and many, many dangerous adventures in which he has evaded marriage only by a remarkable quickness of wit and his ever present ability to move from one part of the country to another at the drop of a hint.
Books written by the versatile Professor include “Casual Dating for College Students,” published when he was 19; “Why Blondes Attract Men”; “How to Avoid Competition in Love Affairs”; “The Meaning of Going Steady”; Sexual Relationships Among College Students”; “The Folly of Convention”; and “Factox’s to be Used as a Basis for Matrimony” and its sequel, “Parental Problems.”
The Professor is at the present time collecting matex ial for his next book, “Marriage—and its Cure.”
WHAT
WAS THAT?
A RUN?
Just in a
Hurry to Get Beer
or
Cocktails at the Place You See All Purdue Students
THE BROWN DERBY
1015 Main Street
Phone 8257