fV a
< «, V't » ji t' '^i '■ ’
M " / !
‘ <‘’' V''
/
f
,i f>
©he PuirjCiuc 'Sxpanent
f\/m
^ 1' -^r^l ffi
^' id
PuWisbeid D&fly by Students of Purdue University
vblUkE XliVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDlANA, WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER 16, 1936
‘lanruiciiitihar a
Dahlbeck Memorial
^ ')
Services Tomorrow Local Church Will Hold Rites Coincidental With
Actual Funeral in Lyndonville
As a final tribute to the memory of Carl Dahlbeck, Purdue gridiron star who died Sunday as a result of Saturday's tragic explosion, special memorial funeral services will be held at the St. John’s Episcopal Church, Sixth and Ferry Streets, Lafayette, tomorrow afternoon at 1 o’clock, with the Rev. Reese F. --
Counselors Meet Today Frosk Mentors To Discuss Activity Adjustment Freshman mentors will hold a meeting in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building this Afternoon at 4 o’clock to discuss methods of activity adjustment for the new freshman co-eds. A similar meeting will be held tomorrow evening for transfer mentors at 4 p. m. in the reception room. New co-eds will meet within the next week to become acquainted with the different activities on the campus. In connection with the program of making the new women students more familiar with the campus and with each other, W. S. G. A. is planning a picnic for all transfer students. The picnic will take place at the W. A. A. cabin within the next two weeks.
Coupon Book Sales Near Close; Ticket Allottment Monday Ticket boo^isfiles will be held open all day tomorrow in order to give the students a chance to get their tickets to the athletic events of the year. Speed is necessary in the purchase of the books as pass books are to be turned in to the University ticket oflSce by Monday evening at 6 o’clock, in order that students may get a good reserved seat with his class. All books turned in after Monday will not receive special consideration and the reservations will be filled as the books are turned in. Athletic books entitle students to admission to all home games in which Purdue participates and gives the possessor a special rate of fifty cents to the Chicago football game at Chicago, October 17.
Hark NeM;i3 Hounds To Exponent Call Freshmen with journalistic or business leanings who desire to join the Exponent staff will meet Sunday, Sept, 20, at 3 p. m., in the faculty lounge on the second floor of the Memorial Union Building. No previous experience is necessary for admission to one of the staffs. Positions on the editorial, sports, advertising, circulation, and co-ed staffs are open. Freshmen have been requested to bring copies of their class schedules to the meeting so that working hours may be arranged. Frosh Year Best Time To Start Exponent workers almost invariably begin in the freshman year, and are eligible for promotion in the elections at the end of the sophomore year. At this first meeting Sunday, n complete explanation of tb© work done and the promotion system will be made. E. H. lllorris, managing editor, will be in charge of the meeting. Much preliminary information will be given Sunij^y afternoon, so it is important that all freshman candidates be present.
EXPONENT BOARDS
The Exponent electoral board will meet Thursday at 4 p. m. in the Agricultural Experiment Station. The general hoard will meet in the same place at 4:20 p. m. Both meeting's are important. —HUNT.
Thornton officiating. The time was selected in order to coincide with the actual funeral services to be held in Lyndonville, Vt. The services will be open to students, faculty members, and townspeople who desire to attend, and students who attend the services will be excused from their 1 o’clock classes at the University
without penalty.
In addition to the services at the church, which will be attended by members of the football squad, Kap pa Sigma fraternity, and Cary Hall
There will be a special memorial service on account of the death of Carl Dahlbeck, at 1 p. m. tomorrow, in Eliza Fowler Hall. All students desiring to attend this service will be excused from their 1 o’clock classes. M. L. FISHER, Dean of Men.
Joe College^ Band Leader^ Football Player^ Makes Debut On Campus
Another chapter in the life of Joe College, alias Demais J. *Esquire” Quinlan, publicity seeker par excellence, was written last night. Quinlan, hailing from 9 miles south of Terre Haute, registered in the Armory yesterday as a freshman in the University and was the cynosure of all eyes as a result of his unique sartorial combinations. “Esquire” walked into Deac’s last night wearing a green and red plaid shirt, white palm beach pants with red stripes, and a straw hat with a green band. Louder ’n Louder “This was the third time he had been in here today,” Deac said. “He wore a different shirt each time and each shirt was louder than the previous one.” In the bookstor^ “Esquire” was encountered by a group of football players who, led by Captain George Bell and Nathan Bosh, tore the straw crown from his head, threw it into the street, and ordered him to buy a green pot. “Sure, I’ll buy a green pot,” “Esquire” replied. “I’ve got plenty of money.” The tabooed straw head ornament was later retrieved by Bush and placed on top of a lamp in his room at the West Lafayette fire station.
“Esquire” was then ordered to step outside the store and make a speech. Always obliging, the undaunted Joe College walked to the street. Starting his speech by calling fof “Mama,” “Esquire” mcplained his reasons for wearing the loud clothes. “I am an orchestra leader,” he said, “and I seek publicity. I conceited of fancy garment^ as a means of getting publicity and I am following up the idea.” “Esquire” also admitted that he has gridiron aspirations. Comments following the episode include: He Can Take It “He was the best sport I ever saw,” Deac stated. “He took it like a man.” “He certainly was a fine sport,” “Wee” Deac corroborated the statement. “He took it like a man.” “He was a cute fellow,'' even though his shirts did blind me,' Winnie Gregory remarked. “I like that guy,” Harvey Cline asserted. “He knows his way around. I really believe that he was trying to get publicity.’’ “Esquire” made one casual observation, “Well, you’ve gotta expect things like that in college.”
Tom McGaxmon Suffers Unexpected Relapse Jack Kent Gives Blood In Transfusion Effort To Aid Fraternity Brothei^s Condition Tom MoGannon, who was believed to be out of dMiRer lloft* day. Buffeted a severe relapse late yesterday. ’ A bleeding Condition has set in which will cause his death eventually if it is not stopped soon. A blood transfusion was given last night in an effort to stop
the flow of blood.
He is suffering from a condition known as produced “bleeder type”. His blood will not coagulate. The condition is caused direhtly from the bums he suffered Saturday when gasoline he was using to remove tape bandages from his legs exploded at Ross Civil Camp, where the team was practicing over the week-end. A bi-product of the bums, known as histene, is flowing in his bleed
BULLETIN
clubs, in addition to a host of other friends of the deceased athlete, the University as a whole will come to a standstill at 1 o’clock as the services open, while taps are sounded by trumpeteers from the Purdue band stationed on the oval near John Purdue’s grave. During the sounding of taps all activities on the campus are to cease, and everyone is requested to stand at attention. A particular plea has! been made for those who may happen to be walking on the campus at the time to stand bareheaded at attention during the sounding of taps. At Church Services At the church services, which will be attended by representatives of a number of other middle western institutions in addition to the Purdue groups with which Dahlbeck was closely identified. Prof. L. W. LaBree, of the Purdue athletic department, baritone soloist of the St. John’s Episcopal choir, and H. Irwin Metgger, University as well as St. John’s organist, will provide several musical selections. University Represented Dahlbeck’s body, accompanied by three representatives of the University, is scheduled to arrive in Lyndonville, Vt., at 12:25 p. m. today. In addition to M. L. Clevett, assistant director of athletics; William Fehring, assistant football coach, and G. W. Burnell, Jr., yell leader and president of the Kappa Sigma fraternity, who accompanied the body and will represent the Uhiversity and students, arrangements were completed today for Milton C. Khng, a 1924 graduate, of Laconia, Nr-H., to officially represent the Purdue Alumni Association at^ the funeral. During the past twenty-f|>ur hours literally scores of telegrams and letters of sympathy have poured into Purdue from football squads, coaches, institutions and individuals from all parts of the country.
Women’s Club To Begin Activities October 1 Activities of the University Women’s club for the current year will be launched October 1 with a luncheon in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building starting at 1 o’clock. Arrangements are in charge of Mrs. Howard M. Baldwin. Officers of the Women’s club for 1936-37 are Dr. Louise J. Meikle, president; Mrs. Willard A. Knapp, vice president; Mrs. Roy B. Hull, recording secretary; Mrs. Frank R. Hall, membership seerejbary; Mrs, Lloyd M. Vallely, treasurer; and Mrs. Eldyn E. Van Lone, progrram chairman. Mrs. Justus Rising will act as chairman for guest day on March 4. The executive committee will supervise the annual reception and club ball December 14.
Skull And Crescent Sponsors Frosh Dance The annual freshman dance, sponsored by Skull and Crescent, will be held in the Union ballroom from 9 till 12 Friday night. This dance is strictly a freshman affair and is given for the purpose of acquainting freshmen with co-eds of their own Class. Schedule cards will serve as admittance tickets. Dates are not necessary for this dance because it will ben tag affair.
PIA Sponsors" Frosh Smoker Freshmen, coatless in the interests of comfort, will be the guests of the Purdue Independent Association at a smoker given for them tonight at 7:30 in the Memorial Union ballroom. Personnel director, Dr. J. E. Walters, will present n short address on “Our Activities—Their Importance to You.” Campus activities and organizations will be explained by various student members. Jim Shoemaker will discuss Union work; J. F. Brubaker will explain the several musical organizations; G. D. Williams will talk about Playshop activity; R. Horn will discuss debating, and J. W. Kettle will give a short explanation of fraternity life and activity. P. I. A. Social Chairman Bob Schlundt will announce the social calendar and activities of the organization, and W. White, activities chairman, will act as toastmaster. This all-freshman smoker will be first of a series of programs concted to acquj^nt frosh with cams activities. Freshmen Plan Snake Dance For Came Saturday The time will soon be at hand when the frivolities of rush, registration mixups, and madcap running about the campus will be things of the past and you get down to the serious business of being freshmen. The first traditional duty of all freshmen is to get a green pot, automatically making you members of Green Potters, frosh organization. This Saturday all freshmen will have their first outdoor mass meeting for the purpqse of executing the annual snake dance to Ross-Ade stadium preceding the Freshman-Var-sity football game. You will be led by a freshman band and vdll occupy your own section in the stadium. The University has many traditions that it is proud of, and since this is one, all freshmen should turn out en masse and show that the class is^ fqll of spirit. Join in the snake dance on the football field ax^d the cap tl»owing over the goal posts.
62 Receive Band Posts Vacancies Filled From 100 Freshmen;' Band Enrollment Now 136 Sixty-two freshmen, selected from a group of 100, have been admitted to the University “All-American Band,” according to an announcement made last night by Prof. P. S. Emrick, director. ^ ^ Professor Emrick said this year’s freshmen were above the average in musical ability. “New Blood” Tryouts for vacancies started Saturday and continued through Sunday. With the “new blood” of freshmen, the band enrollment totals 136. Regular rehearsals will start at 4 p. m. tomorrow in preparation for the coming football season. Freshmen Admitted The following freshmen have been admitted to .the band: J. T. Agnew, J. E, C. Anderson, E. L. Armstrong, R. H. Ashbaucher, W. S, Bixler, R. W. Bonner, T. L. Canada, W. W. Carlson, R. D. Chenoweth, V. E. Dietrich, L. G. Drabing, H. E. Eberhard, E. M. Fauber, D. L. Fitting, I. K. Given, J. L. Hackleman, C. W. Hamilton, P. E. Harris, W. A. Hart, D. E. Hartley, O. C. Hathaway, C. A. Heidbreder, K. T. Hilberg, V. T. Hitchcock, W. H. Horn, W. E. Houk, R. M. Howard, L. L. Hunter, W. H. Imle, P. E. Irick, W. F. Jenkins, H. N. Jones. J. B. Kahlenberg, K. L. Kimmel, E. C. Knight, A. D. Land, N. C. Lehner, R. R. Lisius, C. T. Lohr, W. W. Mark, W. R. McNabb, W. M. Morns, F. L. Mullin, M. E. Overbeck, J. Parrett^ E. J. Pertz, J. P. S. Reed, C. T. Resmolds, M. T. Reynolds, AS. Rogers, S. R, Schleicher, E. L. Schwartz, M. M. Stoner, J, N. Tait, G. W. Throckmorton, H. E. Todd, R. S. Trueman, W. E. linger, J. W. Whitson, C. E. Widell, J. R. Wood, E. R. Fleck.
At 3 a. m. today the last report on the condition of Tom McGannon stated that bleeding had stopped for the time being due to the beneficial effects of the blood transfusion administered at 10 p. m. last night. This report came at 1 a. m. No changes in his condition have been reported since.
Aeronautic Grads Receive Positions Capt. Haskins, head of the aeronautical division of the mechanical department reports that many men who graduated with aeronautics option received jobs during the summer months. J. M. Robertson, ’86, finished training at the Great Lakes Aviation Training School in No. 1 pdsition. D. D. Johnson, who finished three years in the University, placed second at the same place. T, J. King, A. L. Wood, G. E. Poorman, and D. Uoupland, ’86 graduatesj are working at the OurHss Airplane Motor Co., in Buffalo, N. Y. R. W. Esary, ’3B, is employe^ at the Allison Engineerinfi; Co. in Indianapolis, which is the airfdane branch of General Motors.
stream. This product has attacked his liver and slowed the production of fibrinogens which cause coagulation of the blood. Jack Kent, Phi Kappa, a fraternity brother of McGannon, offered his blood for the transfusion. He is McGannon’s best friend here at school. Kent is a junior in the electrical engineering school. His home is at River Port, Ill. Kent’s blood was found to be the same type as McGannon’s after the entire coaching staff and most of the football players who knew of the change in his condition had volunteered for the transfusion. A specialist. Dr. Charles P. Emerson, dean emeritus of the Indiana University medical school, was called into consultation on the case. Dr. Emerson conferred with the physicians who have been handling the case and agreed that the treatment had been correct so far. Dr. Emerson advised, the transfusion as did other physicians on the case. If, by the transfusion and other means employed the bleeding can not be stopped within 12 hours McGannon’s condition will be considered nearly hopeless. McGannon, himself, is unaware of his serious condition. He is resting easier than he has at any time since the burns were inflicted. The other players who suffered burns and are still being confined to the hospital are Pat Malaska, Lowell Decker and Jim Maloney. They are still improving as no similar complication has developed in their cases.
Freshman Forum Tonight In Union Many of the problems facing the incoming freshmen will be answered this evening by Dean Dorothy Stratton and Dean Fisher, when they speak upon the subject: “If I Were a Freshman.” The talks will be given at 7:80 p. m., in the faculty lounge of the Union Building, as one of a series of talks to be presented this year by the Student Forum. Questions may be asked from the floor this evening. All students are invited to attend these discussions, which in the future will be held on ThPrsday evenings. The forum, as in the past, is backed by the Religious Council.
Stewart Calls Mass Meeting Tryouts For Bfnsi^d Groups In Fowior Hali
Tomorrow At 4
Albert P. Steward director of mosocial organizations on the has called a mass meeting which will be held in Elia*. Fowler Waff tomorrow afterhoon at 4 o’clock.'AH students who are interested hi trying out for any of the musical groups including tiie University Choir, Boys’ Glee dub, Giris’ Glee Club, Concert Choir, and Radio Chorus must be present at this meeth^ to receive any consideration, nans for the coming year and the time at which the various groups will try
out will be announced. Accompanist Needed
An accompanist is needed to fill the place of J. Robert Hammond, who was graduated last June. Aspirants for the position must he present at the mass meetiiig. ItwiU also be compulsory for all old members of the musical organizatioiifi to
attend the meeting.
All tryouis must be completed by 5 o’clock tomorrow afternoon. Organization and rehearsal of the dee Club will take place this weekas the Glee Club wiR shtg before the con-^
vocation next Monday.
Publicatioiis, Coupon Book Sales Show Big Increase Sales of athletic coupon books »nil of subscriptions to UnivmrsiW publications at registration are showing substantial gains over the results of last year’s campaign drives, in coincidence with prospects for a marked increase in enrollment. H. F. Wiegfandt, sales managmr of the Purdue Engineer, last night reported a total sales of 615 subscriptions for the past two days in, comparison with approximately 496 sales during the entire three days of registration last year. Two hundred and nine subscriptions were sold Monday and 416 yesterday. 200 Gain About 1,100 Student Athletic Association coupon books hsd been sold until last night, aecordmg to R. H. Burks, seeretary-trcuisurer of the organization. This figure is 200 ahead of that for the corresponding time last fall. Debris purchases are'“qmte a bit better than for last year,” Wes Dwight, editor, reported, althouiB^ complete figures could not he ohtained. One hundred sixly hocks were sold during the first day of registration, while about 350 sales were made during the three days a year ago.
Christian Church Th Honor Fr^ihntcn At IRnner SnoKbiy Freshmen are cordiaBy invited tef attend a dinner to he given in their honor in the First Chrmtiatt alteveli at Sixth and North Streets. The welcoming dhmer will he next Friday evening at 6 in the hasemmit of the chur<dt.
EXPONENT STAFF
Sorority Presidents Discuss Bush Problems Presidents and rush chairmen the six sororities on the campus met Monday night to dixeuss proMems concerning rush. Sara8ch^,pK«s<^ ident of the Pan-Hellenic Counoh presided at the meethig.
The entira Ehsponent staff vriR meet Sundayv September at 2 p. m. in tlte faeulW ieun^s qt the Memorial Union Ihiilikig* AR sophomores who desbee to work this yew must ho promt. Freshman candidates axe aim —MDRRilSh
rf
'*4
/ s 1
V1^
THE PtEHtJE EXPONENT
;t^<e(^aesd^ September 16,193g
Ifm.:
iW'l 's M--'^- ■
.l(:
M'
W^ In Sheep’s Clothiiig %o single radio personage in the United States has •a Wit^r jj^iNDup of enemies than Charles E. Coughlin, tbe of Ro^ Oak. A great orator, his policies axo neverthdess based on such insecure and economically un^^d briefs as to lose for him the support of trailed httinds. are some who follow his “sermons’’ who can truthfully lay claim to intelligence; ibdr allegiance is due primarily to his oratorical power, not to any soundness in his doctrines. If he could control himself enough *to prevent \mcopth and unmannerly statements as “liar,” a name he had to publicly retract when he applied it to President Roosevelt, he would probably have a less antagonistic audience. Most listeners tune in merely to hetO' what he has t9 say, but with no idea of doing as he.suggests. His backing of Lempke is the first definite, active step his “National Union for Social Justice” has undertaken; it. will cost him much support, but perhaps he thinks that this losing cause is worth it. Coughlin is, however, a power to be reckoned with. It must be remembered that there are millions of people in this country without the initiative to figure things-out for themselves or who have not had sufficient education (some say it takes very little) to see through the harmful schemes he proposes. To say that economists disagree with him is putting it mildly; they are completely and definitely and violently opposed to his ideas. The subterfuge of slogans and catch phrases, such as “money changers in the temple of America” is one which he perforce must adopt to keep his audiences with him. If he did not do so, his oratory would have little effect. The Catholic Church does not definitely sanction his talks on economics; that is a statement which he cannot deny. There are too many intelligent people of that faith to permit that. His continuance as a radio speaker is due merely to his personality and the fact that he has great influence over a few powerful'church dignitaries. In fact some of his most bitter enemies are of the Catholic faith. His frequent references to the Bible and Christ serve to make many simple people have greater faith in him, but to others, they show him up as a sham, not worthy of power or confidence. But his efforts are not totally had, even at their worst. If he serves to awaken the American populace to the fact that there is something wrong in our economic setup, he will have done a great good. Perhaps the biggest single effect of his talks might be the growth of the Socialist party, even though he is outspoken in his opposition, merely because he has showed thoiisands that something is out of line.
Readers’ Opiaioms
The Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable
length from its readers.
To the Editor: Saturday evening, the Union ballroom was disstressingly warm. All windows were opened by the dancers, but the place seemed to become even more uncomfortable. With the addition to the ballroom built last year, a ventilating, system that would work was to be added. So far it hasn’t been in evidence. If it is true that the ventilating system works only when the ballroom windows are closed, could not the fact be given publicity, and cooperation obtained from the dancers? And could not Union officials make it known generally, by announcements, posters in lounge rooms and perhaps avid Union workers standing guard at windows during dances ?—^C. D. J.
Editor’s note: If the facts are correct as stated above, steps should most certainly be taken to correct the fallacious belief that open windows mean a cooler atmosphere in the Union ballroom. The Exponent would be glad to cooperate in such a campaign if requested by the Memorial Union.
Choosing A Vocalion
Three great decisions arise in a man’s life. Choosing a religion, a wife and a life vocation. No one can deny the importance of the first two, but it is of the last that practically all the students of the college give the most thought, and devote a period in their life to secure.
$urbue exponent
Founded in .1883
1936-1937 Member Associated Collegiate Press Distributor of COLIiEGIATE DIGEST
lleMlier <
(•Gonal Ctdlese Press Association, Biar Ten Editorial
Association
Bxelnsivrir Bq>reBented by National Advertisins Service, Inc. 429 Madison Avenue, New Yoric City
EntoKd as second class mattw at the post office, Lafayette, IndianA Delivered by mail, $3.60 per year: delivered by carrier, $2.60 per Fear; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 6087
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITOHUL STAFF Bditwrrln-^ief Editor. ; -B. H. Morris Associate Editors K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, E. P. Manion, 0. L. Sadler
SPORTS STAFF fiperte Editor---1::— - — Wood Awo^te Sports Editors W. H. Fifield, S. B. Griffiths, E. F. Ohenchaih
BUSINESS STAFF BnsinoM Mana^j-.~.i—• - Katiosfd Advertising Manager iMud Advertising Manager,.™.... Cireulstion Ifonager,...— -
E. J. Hulse ........ L. .BL Brown D. C. Miller ...J, P. Girard
'''
Editor.-
It'"-'
WOMEN'S STAFF
Helen Creech AdVeMsing MMSWger.- BHty Barnett Aaaoeiate jeanne janousek, Doris McCartney,
y ElizabethPyke
How many students awiye at college in a state of indecision as to what course to pursui t Thb number^ by actual coiint, would be |i^Tmi^.JB<ii|i|ie prof ess, lukewarm preference of a certain course of studyr--they are few- Others make their bboicb before any actual experience has determined whether their mental processes and previous environment will blend with their aim in education. • Too often, students wi^ a assqeiar tions totally different from some highiy specialized field enter into competition wi^h others who haVe had a prerequisite of training—a ifieasure of insui'ance iii their entrance into a particular business category- If a student cannot successfully abdlimatize himself to an individual vocation a change should he made. Future environment should he considered in choosing a vocation. The serious-minded scholastic dreamer has no place in the fast moving commercial world. However, he is important to maintain a balance. Without him, some of the jbekuty and altruistic thoughts that are necessary for a' high 'degree of civilization would be missing. He should he encouraged to enlarge and add to his natural ability by studying those subjects in college that befit him. The fast thinking “percentage figuring” student should be encouraged, too. His place is in the Commercial world. Thus his native ability combined with commercial education will place the means to succeed at his finger tips, A liking for the ever changing panorama of modern business is a vital factor in selecting a commercial vocation. The engineer, the teacher, the agricultural expert, all, should first consider, carefully, their prerequisites before entering into technical vocations. Past environment, future environment, and a natural aptitude should be the final factors in minutely weighing the merits of any vocation.—rDaily O’Collegian.
In My Opinion
BY CADWALLADER
The Exponent will not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column.. Such ophtions are solely those oj the Wfiter,
Classical vs. Popular
Ever since the start of the so-called “jazz era” the battle between classical and popular music has raged furiously. Financially, popular music has overwhelmingly defeated the classical, as witness the large number of dance bands currently favorites. The controversy is not entirely modern, however. I will wager that when such old favorites as “Old Black Joe” and “My Old Kentucky Home” first appeared they were condemned by some as too frivolous to last long-—^the same condemnation that is applied today in many instances. I do not want to take any side in this argument, because I believe that both varieties have their uses, I enjoy many of the old masters, especially in the ponderous Wagnerian style, but I also like to swing hround the ballroom to the “swing” tunes of today. But what I cannot stomach is the violent opposition to one or the other which seems a part of the personalities of some people. For example, a man who insists that popular music be eliminated from a program of “luncheon dance music” is, to my way,of thinking, absurd in his childishness. Mothers who do not let their sons or daughters go to dances because of “that terrible jazz”; faculty men who would like to have the Minneapolis Symphony play for the annual “prom”; students Who belittle the University for including symphonies on the convocation programs—all, in my opinion, should be locked up and forced to live on bread and water for a month. In other words, I maintain that it is a far better world in which everyone is left to his own taste without interference, and in which variety in music, as in other things, is obtainable. ,
•Editorials
Contrary to the belief that, before the opening of formal sorority rush, a period of silence must be observed, the Pan-Hellenic Council has asked only that the members of the various sororities exercise good judgment in their conduct. The plan of deferred rush initiated this year has as its basis the idea that girls in college have reached the age of reason and therefore are capable of managing a less strictly supervised rush. One of the primary aims of the new system is to permit both freshman and upper-class women to become acquainted under normal and natural conditions. Previously in the few days allotted to sorority rush there has been no chance for formation of friendships, nor for the freshman co-eds to see the several groups as they really lived. Between now and the end of rush, on Sunday, October 10, there will be ample time for all such problems to be solved. In the ten days until the opening of rush the upperclasswomen may be of service to the freshman co-eds who are attempting to orient themselves to entirely strange living conditions. The liberty granted to sorority members may be used unfairly to “sew up girls desired by the Greek letter organizations. Either path may be selected by the co-eds and it is partially upon this pre-rush conduct that the success or failure of the new system hinges. The choice madejby the organized women of the University, both individually and collectively, will indicate whether they are capable of conducting deferred rush with reason and judg ment. ■.
Teachers today do not hesitate to admit that some additions to our speech have come by way of felang are so effective that the language is enriched by them. —Prof. Walter Barnes. Evidently the professor has never visited Purdue.
The real radicals today are the conservatives who denounce change and experiments.—W. T. Holliday.
There is no permanent desire in America for any neatly organized society.-—David C. Coyle.
A profit is hot without honor in any country.—^Ted Cook,'-'.
Choice bits for this column aire ever developing ... now that pretty WRH viola DAMMEYER has seen heT Penn boy-friend on his way the boys of Alma Mater may have a chance ... the Beta hoys are yelling for cigars from butter and egg man bill SCHLOSSER who planked his shield on an lU beauty-^give the boys cigars BUI dv yqu’d be haunted . . . frqm al) present appearances, you would never think that sorority’' rush doesn’t start until the 27th— crooked rush is much more fun than waiting for the real thing . . . LOUISE HANLEY toted Sig SHOEMAKER’S pin arqnnd all summer as she toured the continent —it has been a secret all this time ... another long expected union has finally taken place—Phi Gam SPITLER gave his pin to Alpha Chi WATSON for safe keeping ? ? ? ? ? ? . . . the prize freshman trick that has been pulled this year was when an innocent frosh found out the room number of his WRH date last Sunday night and proceeded to the second floor of said dorm—was her face red when she opened her door and there stood “Johnnie Freshman” . . . for the general information,of the student body—the frosh who wore the “Joe College” yellow shirt and the straw hat-answers when the name DEMAIS JOE QUINLAN is mentioned . . . pretty little blonde MARY ED JOHNSTON of Knox-
= ARC =
TODAY ONLY
Jackie Cooper in ‘PECK’S BAD BOY” and Ken Maynard in “CATTLE THIEF”
isc
Double Feature
ISC
FAMILY
LAST TIMES TODAY
JACKOAKIE SALLY EILERS in “FLORIDA SPECIAL” and Madeleine Carroll George Brent in ‘THE CASE AGAINST MRS. AMES”
Starting Tomorrow JAMES CAGNEY
“TAXP’ and Zane Grey’s ‘KING OP THE ROYAL MOUNTED’'
GKN AND BEAK IT
0y Liiclit/
Follow '‘Grin and Bear It*’ daily in the Ex(ibhent.
Tis a pity to see the old landmark go, Mrs. (Jilhooley!”
ville, was seen registering under the excellent tutelage of UNION big shot DOROTHY KUEHN—MARY ED has plenty of personality and— . . . according to all reports the
The Risk Dental Clinic
DE. PAUL A. BISK DE. HAEOLD J. BISK DB. EOBEET G^ RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
•400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
LUNA
Last Times Today
^ DARING DAYS OF DANGER RE-LIVEDI
Starting Tomorrow
Two Features ^ iBarton MacLane “in “BENGAL TIGER” —-and — Ralph Bellamy in ‘STRAIGHT FROM THE SHOULDER”
W. S. G. A. Date Bureau has been doing over big—ninety dates have been arranged in this unusual fash(Continued on page 4)
MARS
LAST TIMES TODAY
HATED BY WOMEN
HUSSY
An M-G-M PICTURE
Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday Lew Ayres Mary Carlisle
‘LADY BE CAREFUL’
NEW AND USED SCHOOL BOOKS
FOR SALE AND EXCHANGE
Toilet
SPORTING GOODS
Supplies
You
Tennis Balls Tei|nis Rackets
At Cut
_ can get
Gol|f Clubs
Rate Prices
everything
Golf Balb Baseballs
you need for
a college education at ‘‘Deacs’’ Noti^ is the time for all Freshme^to buy Slide RulesliT ^'f V* '<“’' ; ,? '^ %'■'' r '
THE PUBPtIB EXPONENT
To Rebiiad Team;
Drake Back In Tliiiform; Stalcup, Sines Shifted To Backfield
Coach “Nobe” Kizer spent yesterday’s double practice shuffling the positions of his squad in an effort to rebuild his varsity th6t was disrupted by last Saturday’s accident. Burmeister^ who was recently shifted to right gttard from teckle, in att effort fb bolster the guard positions, was, shtfted to left guard to replace the Vacancy left by Dahlbeck’s death. The right guard position was tentatively filled by Andy Grant. \ The backfield has been almost entirely revamped.. John Drake, who was released Monday noon from the hospital, was back /in uniform yesterday afternoon playing the right half position. Stalcup played the running half position and Gift remained in his position, at quarter. Cecil Isbell held down the job of fullback. Another ch^ge in the backfield is that of Johnnie Sines, who was shifted from end to halfback. The rest of the squad has not been affected much by the changes in positions. At tackle, Shreyer gnd Woltman performed, and Vergahe and Powell held down the end positions. .
Fresh Squad Preparing To Meet Varsity In Annual Tilt
With the varsity desperately attempting te shuffle its positions in order to find a smoother working combinatibn, the fresh were laboring in practice under Coach Burnham in an effort to be in form for
the annual clash /'with the varsity
L
and repeat the excellent showing made by them last year when they held, the regulars to 21 to :0. In the first regular practice of the freshinhn Squad, the 130 or so players trying out fOi* the frosh varsify were put through the plays which they are hurriedly learning in order to put somethiiig over on the varsity
next Saturday afternoon.
Parade
All freshmen are expected to participate in the parade to the field which will precede the game. The annua.! event starts the green pot tradition, after which all frosh are expected to wear their pots until potburning next spring. Bill Hodgdon, president of Gimlet, urges all frosh to purchase tickets from Gimlet members at a cost of 26 cents and support their team and help preserve the prestige of the Rhinies.
POOL AND BILLIARDS
Freci Game Coupon Clip this ad. Come down' and play one game of pool or billiards and receive a game of Rotation FRR£. We have tables covered with the new purple (eye rest) cloth. We have the only SNOOKER table in the cityr LESTER'S BILLIARI^ HALL , 312 State St. . In Basement Across from P. O.
Studeiits:
WE /CLEAN. REPAIR RESHAPE REBUILD All Shoes and Hats
A COMPLETE SERVICE
SWANK SHOE REBUILDER AND HATTER 512 Main St. Opposite Lahr House
HERE COMES THE ADVANCE GUARD
what is THE ADVANCE GUARD
Those you keep out in front, who show the way ... they are the Advance Guard. Advance Guai^ Fashions for University Men are that kind of fashions. They are new. And because they are good, University men are glad to accept their leadership.
Advance Guard Fashions are the most recent innovations m ahirts, ties, hose, sportwear, and such, as tailored by WUson Brothers with the tastes of University men kept uppermost in mind. Each new idea has something different' frcni what ycu have seen, some arresting new stripe, or subtle novelty iu weaving, or color, or collar, or vhat have you.
Advance Guard Fashions will be presented with a bit of sparkle and sophistication . . . one each week, beginning to* morrow, on this page. Keep abreast of Fashion... follow tho Advance Guard.
ADVAN pE GUARD FASH IONS ^ Wilson Brothers
I fielder’s.... ....chpice iffy Bob WalpoIO -MMM
Coach Noble Kizer’s announcement that hereafter the Boilermaker athletic department will use non-in-flamiblC liquids for removing tape is one of the best are have heard. It is certainly too bad that it wasn’t decided upon before, but such is fat^ and the accident was one in a million.
We dropped around to see both the varsity and the freshman gridders in practice yesterday, and both look' in fine shape, The varsity is spending a lot of time on the necessary calisthentics to get in shape. By the end of the week sufficient scrimmage will have been had to show the yearlings and tbe spectators plenty of action.
■ —fc—' Coach Burnham has a large freshman squad to work with this year, and some of those boys are plenty large. We watched a couple of tackles yesterday morning that weigh well over 200. " ■ —fc—’ Last year’s intramural Junior Manager Chuck Hamilton will give the new fellows a line or two on intramural athletics in the P. I. A. smoker this evening. Ham is well able to give you some dope on these activities SO drop around .. . in the Union ballroom—fc-— . We learn from the University of California that they propose to have a net squad this year .,. they v^ll if
ADULT TAP CLASSES
OPEN
Beginner’s
Wed., Sept. 30, 9:00 p. m. Intermediate Thurs., Oct.T, 7:00 p. m.
Adyanced
Friday, Oct. 2, 6 :30 p. m. Children’s Classes Open
Saturday, Sept. 26
ALLEN'S'"''"
6th & Peiry
Parker Pens and, Pencils R. C. EISENBACH Jeweler and Optometrist 504 Main Street
To make that room cozy and comfortable for student roomers
REIFERS
offer
CHEST OF DRAWERS, a convenient piece for any bedroom at an exceedingly low price, walnut finish
STUDENTS TABLES with drawer, tops unfifiished, rounded edges.
BOOK CASES for students, a good buy at only.
AiIRRORS for students chests. 12x20 inch.
STUDENTS DESKS, walnut finished, one drawer, three side shelves
STUDENTS CHAIRS, unfinished, well made, priced low.,
METAL SMOKING STANDS -r-Boys appreciate them.
METAL B^DS for students, strong and sturdy;..
RUGS for students, made of wool and fibre, 9x12 size.....;.. ....
MAIN. :ST-'at; NINTH'/
Grci^s Plaii Tournameiit
Six Games Sckediiled ; Entries Due Saturday
Fraternity athletic managers have been requested to have, their entry blanks for softball into the inr tramural office by nqt later than noon Saturday, September 19. Each team will play six games' in the regular schedule with eight teams going to the finals. All games are to five inning long, beginning at 4: Is. The schedules for all gatnes mil be posted on the ifitramural bulletin board. A forfeit must be paid by the team that is later than 4:30, a£ that titee is definitely set as the deadline.
All teams are required to furnish a hat and ball. The ball is to be a regulation 14 inch ball. Practice games will be held Monday and Tuesday, September 21 and 22.
practice means anything. The Varsity coached called the first practice on September 11.
fc— Lou Gehrig, the New York Yankee irqnman first baseman, will play Ms 1,800th consecutive game today. It is his ambition to reach 3,000 before the end of his baseball career.
Parker Pens and Pencils at
H. B. Lodde’s Jewelry Stor^ 419 Main St.
MmiM
—-
CMBdSl to all atMetie A oopjf ai the rules shotdd on haiid at «Vi^ game. Scorebooks. must be attained before 4 o’clock the day of the game. Failure to return the seorebook will result in a d^ault for both teams. Maps which show the location for all games can be found on the gym bulletin board. Officials for the games must he supplied by the teams. An official may be removed by protest of either team captain. The intramural trophy fee is payable within the next few days. TropMes are to be eidubited before the beginning of each contest.
Gradume Win
Miss Virginia Gobble, ’36, bas been awarded a umMa Teacbers College. M&m ble, the daughter of Prof, and 3^ Garl R Gdbl^ li neal day for New WMle engaged in jgradoate wmk Miss Gobble will ;^eiali2^ in psychology. Miss Gobble was very imtively engaged in eampiis aetmiH^ while in school. She Was president of the Y. W. C. A. dming her senior year, and wim graduate front the scien<% school with distinetion.
WELCOME
Students that have automobiles will be required by the school to carry autp insurance if anyone is to ride with them. Let us help you mett the university requiremeints. Our insur-
ance
rate.
Full Coverage at Low Cost
C. A. “Burkie” Burkhart, Agent
Phone 7359
6di and Columbia
Get the Pen That Never Runs Dry in Classes or Exanis
With Double Ink Capacity~qnd Full-length Visible Ink Supply S^ws DAYS AHEAD When IVs Running Low
Do the thing that you know is the thing to dov^plaqe your old-si^le pen with this miratde Yactunatio*--Parker’s ceVoIiitionary invention that holds 102^ more ink WITHOUT INCREASE IN SIZE-^that shows the ENTIRE ink supplyy not merely the last drop--«howB not only when yoiir pen is mnpty, but shows DAYS AHEAD when it^s rnnning low, so it CANT run dry against your mil!
Today the Parker Yacumatic is the world’s long-distance writer and Style and Beaiity Winner—the sacless marvd whose simple working parts are sealed in the top—never touched by ink, bence won’t corrode or fail. That’s why it’s GUARANTEED MechanicaUy Perfect.
SCRATCH-PROOF point of p««cionsPUtinnm and SididGold, yon’D give your dld-st^e pen to the mmmage sale. Look for the smart ARROW dip—this ARROW idoiiifiies the gcoamei iRie Packdr Poa €k>., Janesville, Wb.
In the hands of millions of users, using all kinds of ink, this marvdons pen has repeatedly proved that it ’’ciart ttike it” an}rwhere and any time —^}t never leaves its owner gasping for ink in dasses or exams.
*RirL
er
wMaaitnBa Miauuiicauv nanct
If you’ll go and try its marvdons
JimioTt $S OvMf-Siza, |I0
PSneift, iZiOt $Z»amd$$
COME IN AND SEB THE
Main St.
AT OUR PEN AND RENCIL COUNTER
H. G. **l)eac” STUDENT book SUPPLY STORE
Wa eariy t complete line of Parker Pens« PencRs en<i Qiiink InkU ^ ^ s.
wit^mm
s \ i
^ t]
THE iPtJRDtEj EXPONENT
* .« ) '■i' ) ' J \ t ' - H ^ k ' ^ ^ediiiesd»yt September ’*
TYPEWEITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines.
Wanted — Girl Musicians — For iniwfyi cMnpus orchestra. Call Schilling, 6067.
For Rent — Nicely furnished rooms and good board for gfirls at 811 Chauncey Avenue. Phone 4311, Mrs. Gerhard.
Alpha Phi Omeir*—Meeting in room 1 of the Union September 16, at 7 'SO p m All members please be present, •wrrr'ntr^tr ——KUECK
Fraternities—Submit pledges lists to Exonent lot later than Sunday. Sept. 30 .eave in Union box. —MORRIS.
Agricnttiinsts—^Meeting Sept 17 at 4 in athR office _ , —PARKISON
Eratemity Prerfdeut’s Connell — Meeting S(9t. 17 at 7 SO p m in the peasant room of the Union „ —TUTTLE
Mentora—^Meeting in the reception room of Union at 4 today —SCUDDBR.
Independent Staff—Meeting of Purdue Independent Sept. 17 at 7 p. m in P LA omce in Union All students wishing to work on staff r^ort to this meeting. —SENNSTROM
PIA Plans Varied Activities For Coming Year A big year is planned for the Purdue Independent Association, social organization for non-fraternity men and women. Plans for the coming year include three dances, two skating parties, five tea dances in the Union ballroom from four to six, a steak fry, a picnic, and the annual banquet. This organization was formed to promote activities for the members. There is a dramatic group, orchestra, a quartet, a dance class and a dating bureau. All freshmen wishing to learn more about the PIA, call at their office/in the Union Building and ask for any of the following officers: Herman Hersh, president; L. O. Buxton, vice-president; Reginal Kelly, co-ed executive; Mary Wein, secretary, and John Ward, treasurer.
BOLD and BLACK (Continued from page 2) ion—^no one will ever know how many returned to the bureau for a second date—^the bureau will furnish no statistics concerning this matter ... the military department is losing its grip—a freshman who, unfortunately, was situated on crutches got away with a military class card donated to him by Capt. Murphy—one of the girls in the checking line saved the day ... and then there is the one about the little freshman girl who while registering walked up to HARVEY CLINE and asked him whether he was a mathematics or a physics professor Knock, Knock!! 1 Who’s there??? Harry!!! Harry Who??? Harry up and get your Knock Knocks in!!! The best “Knock, Knock” contrib gets that DoubleMars- pass—they’re coming in fast so get yours in—^before Friday!
BIG LEAGUE STANDINGS
NATIONAL LEAGUE
Frosh Courage Tested By Annual Appearance Of Senior Moustaches “Get the tweezers!” Ah, there’s a term to strike terror to the heart of seniordom. Scarcely visible “cookiedusters,” known to their owners as moustaches, are disgracing the upper lips of several potential cord
wearers.
Freshmen like to feel that they are not the lowest thing on earth They like to feel that they are MEN! While upperclassmen scoff at the idea, they are willing to give grudging credit to frosh who can prove it. Situation Thore’s the situation. Freshmen having come up in the world as far as they have, should be able to put two and ^wo together. Tweezers as a means of solving the situation are to be recommended foi they can cause little permanent disfigurement. It is a well known fact that lather causes a razor to cut more easily; so to avoid delipping a senior, it should not be employed. Razors are to be recommended only if speedy removal is necessary. Removal by means of a blowtorch, as a humanitarian gesture, should not be used on seniors unless they are boastful of their ability to
take it.
At any rate, the prevalence of senior moustaches gives freshmen a chance to prove their worth. Will they take it?
W.
L.
Pet
New York.
85
56
.608
3t. Louis -
81
61
.570
(Hiicsipi
80
63
•659
PittsburKF
77
66
.528
Cincinnati
71
71
.506
Boston
^64
76
.457
Brookl3nn.
„ 60
81
.426
Philadelphia.
49
93
.345
AMERICAN LEAGUE
W.
L.
Pet
New York.
98
48
.671
Chicago
77
65
.542
Washington
- 77
67
.535
Cffereland.
77
68
•531
Detroit.
76
68
•528
Boston. _
72
73
.497
St. Louis
51
92
.357
Philaddphia.
49
96
.338
YESTERDAY’S RESULTS
NATIONAL LEAGUE Pittsburgh at New York (rain). St. Louis at Philailelphia (rain). (Chicago at Boston (cold weather), ^nidnnati at Brookisrn (wet grounds). AMERICAN LEAGUE New York, 7, Chicago, 1. Washington, 18-6; St. Louis, 7-1. liiiladdphia, 5; Detroit, 8. Boston, 2; (jlevdland, 13.
TODAY’S GAMES
NATIONAL LEAGUE Chicago at Boston. Cincinnati at Rrooklyn. Pittsburgh at New York. St Louis at Philadelphia. AMERICAN LEAGUE New York at Chicago Washington at St Louis. Philadelphia at Detroit. Boston at Cleveland.
ADULT BALLROOM DANCING CLASSES OPEN Beginner’s md.. Sept. 23, 7:30 p. m. Advanced Fn., Sept. 25, 7:30 p. m. Finest Ballroom in Indiana, --remodeled and newly deco- . rated.
Ohio Math Teacher Gets Engineering Position Dr. M. Wiles Keller, recently resigned from his position as instructor of mathematics at Troy high school of Troy, O., to accept a posi-
tion as an ihstifUctor ih engineering at the University. Dr. Keller, who will assume ^his new duties immediately, holds M. A. and Ph. D. degrees from Indiana University. Troy school authorities released Dr. Keller from his contract in order that he could accept his new position.
KNOCK KNOCK “Who’s there?” “Vera.” “Vera who?” “Vera gonna tell you something”: The Exponent offers the closest contact that a student can make with the University, its activities, its traditions, its athletics, its courses, its faculty, its social affairs, its convocations, and its students private lives. —and all for $2.50 a school year! What’s more, you can send one home to the family for only $1 more, less than it would cost you to mail each edition for one semester! Subscribe today, at Deac’s, Southworth’s, and the Union desk.
ARE YOU GETTING AN EXPONENT? IT’S YOURS FOR ONLY $2.50
OPTOMETRY Dedicated to the protection, perfection and preservation of vision. The practice of optometry is the application of optical principles, through technical devices, in the examination of the human eye, for the purpose of determining the visual defects and the adaptation of lenses, when necessary, to relieve the defects. Dr. A. ENZ, Jr. OPTOMETRIST 607 Main St.
LLEN'S
Phone 2150 6th & Ferry
NOTICE Beginning Wednesday, September l6th, this store will be open nights till 9 o'clock and through assignment period. HAYWOOD’S FERRY AT FIFTH
PURDUE exponent, 312 N6rt;h Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana. Dear Sirs: Please send me the Purdue Exponent for the school year 1936-37.1 am enclosing $2.60 by carrier. $3.50 by mail.
1
(Please Print Plainly in Pencil)
After The Dance Come out to
RUDY'S HALF MILE NORTH OF PURDUE State Road 52 West Lafayette
.e
Duane Purvis Recovering From Tonsil Operation Duane Purvis, Purdue “touchdown twin” of 1934, is recovering from a tonsil operation he underwent Monday at the Home hospital.
USED DRAWING INSTRUMENTS in tip-top shape Prices range from $5-—$10 B. L. HORWITZ SPORTING GOODS 828 MAIN
CHEMISTRY
WHAT COURSE
ENGINEERING
TAKING?
>THL£ri
cdJJ'
BEAUTY REST BEAUTY SHOPPE 324 Life Bldg. Dial 5348 Rose M. Lisey, Mgr. To introduce our New Minute Ou Wireless Machine we are giving our regular $3,50 Permanent, this week . . $1.95 Plain Shampoo and Finger Wave, this week only.. .35 Dreve Shampoo and Finger Wave, this week only. .50 Men’s Manicure 50 Co-ed Weekly Special Shiwpoo^ Finger Wave, Mairiciire, Hair Trim.. .75 Open every week day until 7 P.M. M<mu, Wed,, Pri. evenings until 9 by appointment
Whether It Is One of the Five Shown Above, or Any of the 61 Courses AT PURDUE We Have the Corrert Supplies AT THE RIGHT PRICE SOUTHWORTH'S
SUPPLIES
FOR
Fraternities... Sororities... Clubs and Organizations
Pure White “Lily” I/4 Fold Napkins, per case of lOM Naples
Per case of 5M Napkins
"Just-Wun” Folded Paper Towels, 3,750 towels in a case, price per case
"Dandy Roll” Paper Towels, 3,750 towels to case, price per case
“No Waste” Toilet Paper, the very finr est quality, 125 packages per case “Roll Toilet Paper” 2,000 sheets to roll, finest quality, 100 rolls to case, price per case . ,
Per Vi case, 50 rolls, same as above ..
$8.00 $4A0 $4.50 $3.75 $8.00 $9.00 $4.75
We Cariy in Stock Liquasan Soap, Dixie Drinking Cups, Vortex Sanitary Cops
Haywood’s (Established 1826) Retiul Department Fifth and Ferry Sts. Lafayette, Ittd. Publishers ladisna State Printers Stationers