i
^^Shidl Hoosevek Be Re-Electedf* h Discussion Subject Tonight In Eliza Fowler Hall
1, of the University of California debate team, will present the aflSrmative sid6 the question: “Shall Roosevelt Ho Re-Elected”, against Robert Royster and Charles Pettiii^rew, of the University teath, in a . .' ' ' '': ~ debate tonight at 7:30 o’clock
Forelt€li$t$
':H^ey;^i§ipihert -abovej- arid‘;;16icll' atd Rathbun, members of the\,Uiii' ‘ versity of California debate team ?^luch will meet the University tea^ here toiiight at 7:30 in Eliza Fowler ^Hall.^ ' \ ..i "
New Group To Give Plays Tower T h enter Preseni t s Two O li e-Ac t Shows Next Tuesday
PIAToHavePimic Sunday At Cary Camp ' P. I. A. wjl hold a spring picnic at Cary camp for all itfe member^ next Sufiday'. Transp'drt'atiod drill be provided at the west entrance of the Union Bdildiftg. All independents wishing to gd muSt sign up in the P. i, A. ofSCe before noon Saturday, May 16. The office will be open every afternoon after 4 o^clock!. Recreation and entertainment will be provided by the social committee. A nominal charge of 16 cento will he asl^d^'
in Elizu Fowler Hall. No deci sion will be made after tonight’s debate, during which the members of the audience may cross examine the'speakers. D^. L. M. Sears, of-the Uhfvetfsity his^ tory department, will preside.
The first speaker of the affirma tive team, fiarley Spitler, is a j'^ior majoring in political science'. JEt& is a member of Delta Sigma Rhoj for-r ensic honorary, and has had two yeaid Of defeating experience bun, junior in the public speaking major, has also debated for two years and; participated in Pacific debate with Hawaii. The University team has never been defeated in a Big Ten debate."
RGTGGfficeps Transferred Five New Men Will As sume Positions At Start Of FattTorm
Two plays, “The Alchemy” arid “Psychopathy Becomes O’Neill” will be presented by the newly formed theater group, TowOr theater, riext •puesday night in the Tower room of the tfhion Buildirig. “The Alchemy’’ Was written by H. J. Hersheriow ’27 Who won the George Ade cup for the best play iri the University literary contestr It is a one-act faritasy coricerning an old, time - forgotten chemist, Who in his life-long lyorkto better mankind^ makes an amazirig discovery^ Tbe production of this discovery lends itself tor an enthralling and faritastic plot. It might be said that “The Alchemy” reminds one of H. G. Wells’ “Time Machirie^' arid other tales of the unusual. E. M. Purcell, authrir ef “Psychopathy Becomes O’Neiil”, graduated in ’33. He was a member of llau Beta Pi and editor of Serivener’s magazine. After he gradririted from Purdue, he went to the University at Munich, Germany, on a scholarship. His play which wris awarded the George Ade cup in *31, is an ariiusing satire on Eugerie O’Neill. It portrays this Well knoWri author as an emotional half-irisarie playwright, who is trying to induce a salesman whom he believes to be an actor, to appear iri his play. The actoV has an appOiritment to meet his wife and is slightly impatieirit; finally the author gives up in despair and goes away to meet his own wife.'-;.' The 'PoWeri Theat'ef board wished to present two piaya at one time arid their choice has beeri excelleritr in decidirig oii these sirice they are sp contrasting.
Several members of the University military departhient Will- riot be here this September when the fall session, starts. Having received advancemerits and chariges in positiorii Major W., H. MariS will be trans ferred tO the Wa.r College in Wash ington. Major C. W. Mays will be stationed with the second divisiori at Pprit Sam Houstori, Texas. Cap tains M. Brickley arid Ji D. Palmer will be statioried at the Commarid General Staff School at Port Leaveriwprth, Karisas, and Captain G. C Duel! will serve ori the Field Artillery Board at Fort Bragg, N. C. 'ReplUcefrients;' ReplaceMents for the above men include Major 6. O. Kurtz, from the Commarid Gerieral Staff School at Port Leavenworth, arid Major R; B. Warreri, from the Organized Reserves, Pittsburghy Pa. Captaiu J. Li Graves,; from the 83rd Field Artillery at Port Bragg, Captain S. A. Beckley, from the Command General Staff School, and Gaptairi P. W. Thompson, froiri the 83rd Field Artillery at Fort Benriing, Ga., Will also be here iri September to take up their new* duties.
Col. Chevalier Talks To 300
Rotarians ContiBue
ineers ^Too Many Things Being Pr'odiuced Is The Present Philosophy’
Breakfast, Elections, Speeches, And BnsObidi
Gatne Feature Today*s Program
^ ^ T '' 1
Building at 8 o’clock this morning as the annua! Twii^wa
day. Newly elected club officers, district governor candidates.
at the affair. Thompson, a member of the state legislature, graduated from the University in the school of agriculture in 1919, and is now the owner of a dairy company iri Seymour. One of the candidates for the position, Maurice E. Louth, president of the Lafayette Engraving Company, received his B. S. E. E. degree from the University in 19i3 and his E. E. in 1910.
.. ' .
Roainer Ouh Announces Initiation Of Twenty
?! I :
Activiims Of jyYA: Workers Shown
EXPONENT 0TAFP
A compulsoiry meeting of all members dflbe^editprial, spotto and co?-eii^sto^ urday- gf^wiooft at 1 in roriiriu t grid % of tlie Memoir rial iJriibri Euilditig. All freshman mett grid WumUtt whojwfeh to contiriUri witk tbe paper mugt attenndi.MORRISi
A wide variety of tasks was performed by the 858 NYA students during the first semester, according to a detailed repUrt: issued by B. A. Gurininghani, director of NYA at the
Uiniyersityv':
Over $33,876 was received by NYA students in compensation for the 102,360 hours which they workedi ^derito doing part^iirie work rift NYA frojectohad about thesaum f Srrieritgge of studerits With a “distirigUiSlied fatirig” as tho general lidivrirriity erirdllmeriti ‘fhor# Were studerits dUirig rS^gfohy grading papers and reports, tabulating toribbSg maps^^ a^ eharto> rel^i^rig egUifmeri^ arid i^^ other tasks. The remaining 96 were employed in extramural activities such as, teaching f cbool at CCG cairipS, recreational work at the Lafiayette t. M. 0. A. and the Y. W. C. A.^ gsMstiig^Ud^ wurk ujg wito bo^ working W^b brig
“You’re on the spot!” Col. Willard Chevalier told 300 senior engineers yesterday in the last of a series of engineering administration lectures. “Oiw present pbiirisop% is that Wri Wre priMUcirig too muchy too ntoriycrUps and so^ ;MpW iMdrit or bUrri theiri, bi^ haye toe nauch. is fou^^ It is you engirieers that iriUSt face the currerit riibvement and counteract
it.”
Mr. Chevrilier traced the development of man’s ability to use the ya-^ rious sources of nature and to harness ariiMaiS,''Vat^ tolls, and heat to do work. He traced the deyeldp-^ ment from the cave man who Spent hiS entire time iri providing food, ciethingj and shelter. ■-..Theme;: Mr. Chevalier struck the primary theme of his talk when he Said, “The essential cause of oUr preserif economic depression is that our systeiri of exchange has broken down, it; is not that We are producirig too much.” Arid the reasori—“There ate too many people who are trying to get rich by acquiring money without producirig. Wheri our money becomes a gambling device, We^aVe btokeri the chairi that links the channels of exchange.” The speaker laid especial eiriphasis on this last point. The reason, he said, that there is starvatiori iri the midst of plenty is because it is pos-^ sible in our financial world to acquire Wealth WithbUt producirig. OUr System of exchange becomes so unbalanced and upset that there is a chokirig off of purchasing power by those who gain bUt do not pro^ duce;Low Incbriie Mr. GheVaiier cited the fact that over 70 per cent of the families in the U. S. were receivirig less than $2,500 a year and that we can not produce tbo; much when this large majority of the pebple are not able to ebUsunie all they desire. “Anything that makes fbr a higher standard of living,” he said, “is good. During ths last feW years we have made greater strides forward fdWard ari iriCrease in the standard than in any previous pbriod. Opri present state that we are passing through is a direct bUtgrowth of tiheso rapid udvaricemerits.”'
William W. Emerson, of Winnipeg, Canada, director of Rotary Intocnatiorial. Who will discuss “The Pursuit of'Happiness” at 11:10 a. m. this morning in Eliza Fowler Hall as part of the annual District RdtUf y Club iGoriferOrice program.
Skull And CrescEnt To Hold Banquet After Initiation
Formal inittatiori of 37 new Skull and Griescerit irieriihers at the Miechanical Erigineeririg Building tonight at 6 o’clock Will be followed by the arihual; initiation banquet iri the reception i*ooitt of the Union Buildirig at 7 o’clock; Professor G. A. Young, head of the mechanical engirieetirig schqply: Will bb toe pririci-, pal speaker: of toe occaisbri, discussing “Purdue Customs arid Traditions”, arid Prof; C; R. “Pop’; Doany of the matoeriiatics department, will add his remarks. R. J; Craig, president of Skull arid Crescerit this ybrir, will preside at the banquet and will deliver a short address. Electiori; of officers for next year’s ^oup will follow the banquet.
Election EMctiop of the ribW disM gdvernor will take place from 8 o’clock till 9:4^; following which a conference will toe called in Fowler Hall for; toe gerierM business sess{(m.;At 16 o’clock. Rev. Robert Riall^ ptosiderit^ of toe : Mictegan City RotaiW club, Will conduct; meirioriai services. Follpwing this there Will fee arioto:brfeuSirie^:sesSitrii. V; At 11:10, William W. Emerson, of Winriipeg, Carina, direetpr of Rptary IirterngidpriMy wilL^^^ bri ‘The Pursuit of Happiness’^ and at 11:45 a riumber of committee reppito WiU jfe ImarA At l2:3b, Rf; E. G; Elliott Will preside at. a Idhc^n m the Union Building at which toe discussion contest winner will be presented, (Contoiued cm page :2f
Reamer club annoimces toe initiation of the follbwlrig men: R. V. Abbott, L. O. Buxton, G. S. Dixon, h. J. Doud, R. F. Egnor, P. E. Fields, H. t. Hersh, W. C. Hunteir, R. Jf. Knepple, L. G. Ereiser, E. B. McEaehiefi, P. Milner, R. H. Pickard, H. C. Shank, W. E. Schierstidt, A. 31. Sridto, D. N. Wait, J. Bt. WMppIe, J. R. Woodruff, E. M. Wray.
Fisiter Calls Indiana Deans
Will Organize Round Table Discussion Group Here Saturday Problems pertaining, to the wo^ of dearis und advisers eff men of Tm* ; diana colleges and universities will toe discussed informally at the first annual round-table discussion planiied toy Dean M. L. Fisher of tod University hereon Saturtoy. ; Aitobugh rib'fbrriiai prbgidiri tos been planned for toe day^ a number pf timely topics haveto^n suggest-j ed for discussion toy tog_Waribu3
For BanqiiRt Annnal Literary Mieet Tn Re Hfibi Mond^
Reservations for the tenth annual literary banquet Moriday riight at 6:30 o’clock at which Theodore Dreiinternatipnally known novelist.
Multer Critielses Afirit Issue^:Of^ Srrivetper^\
Editor’s Not&--The following. 18 a oritioisih of the April’s Scrivener, by an instruptcir iti the English d^artnieht,:
By Dr. H. J. Muller., The moral tp be drawn from the April issue of the Scrivener is a p^titude endlessly preached by Engiish teachers: young writers do Well to remaiti' close to their own experi^ ence; To venture far afield is excelierit imaginative exercise; but it is also dangefpus; the writer is likely not onljf to averlobk toe rich material close at hand but to collapse urider the heroic harrieSs he has put :; He strains for his effects, and
will be toe principle speaker,, must he made toy this Saturday, according tp ari announcement made yester<tey by toe Scrivener club, wbich is- in charge of toe: affair. Reseryatioris may be made toy calling file English department pffice. Tickete may be obtained at the English office, Uniori desk*; Deac’s, Southworto’s, arid Decker’s..: V' 450 Expected Apprbximateiy 460 people are expected to attend toe banquet at which Dr. E. G; Elliott will preside toastmaster, iniroducirig Mr.
deans of men .arid advisers who wiR attend. ;Ttoe su^^^ include: toe dean’s function iri cpuriselmg stufe; dents about courses; students accepting too much outside emph^:' irierit; students With inadequate fin* ances; adequa;t6 vbCatibrial griid-i arice, arid student rooming qurittoto, FplioWing the riiormng discusi--sion session and a lunchepn at riobn, the laitter paN; of the aftemopn ptogram is to be devoted to eonsidera-; tion of future plaris arid the possibility. of orgariizirig a permanent organizatiori of Indiana d^riri :bf
men arid advisers.
Ag G#6u j>8 Stiii^ F9a*iii Credit Agencies
ASCE JttiiiM
Seriiors in the general'agricuiture arid rural economics options at the UriiverSity, ;a;rbttg' With grribiiate students; and extension, reserirch, and teaching staff members of tob toi^rini iriririagefrierit depm^toigrit; W^ be guests of the Parin Credit Admiriistration atL^ Monday; *^6 pmRGse^p^ trih is to study tirst-hand the yarious credit agencies pf" tfib fe^al gpvfgnT ment. The gtoup <ff aphroximri^ly 80 Will leaye by specirii bus atfde'MoiA Mbnday morpirig and tofe Evening.; .
his voice; cracks at the high notes pir the deep notes; he depends uppn sec-Pnd-harid phrases to evbke unfam iliay eriietibns. When (to quote from this issuei characters “painfully croak put in a voice scarcely above a whispel'^’ or “hritet irito uncontrollable laughter;” stars begin to “twinkle malevolpritly”: and the suri to' sear “toe vast, trackless desert,” and scenes are rung down with “and then V. . utter blackuess;” one suspecte that toe writer does not really imvp his eye on the ball but is going tlnrough the motioim Merned from his early, unsupervised reading. Thus Williairi Fall in The Fugitive arid W, M. ^teirifeldt iri SkoheIeV’'8 Victory both work top hard for stark ^airia;; and Dickeri' Gp^ gridtos ffis da^ ‘^Ve Ye Shall Receive”; these stories all hayte gorid moriierits; but riOhe qtdto
comes
Dreiser who will speak on the subject: “Conquering the Reading Public”. Besides being noted for his novels, the most fairious of which is “An Am eri ca n Tragedy’ Dreiser also writes non-fictiori nrid plays, and is a frequent contributor to periodicals. He also has a wide reputation as a speaker. Aririouncements pf toe winners of the University literary contest will also be made at toe bariquet.
I)tebris Will EtectiPiis At 4 '&'MpriTodiiy
Rlections for junior arid senior ^positions; oh ; toev l^^ take place this aftornpon at 4 o’cimdc in toe Debris office of toe Memorial RWhn Building. Candidates for the effitoytoip ato Don Black,:Garl Pbth. 'dnd;WeS,Dwighti;'j-';7''; Next year’s Btmlness Maimg^ will be selected from Bruce /GriGandiess, Ai Bnpttdt; and jjlMuupy VariNatto; ERher Marjorie MarqUiri: or Arleen Marshall will be chosen Ah-Go-ed'-RditoP;-
•pipFe are seven Migible^^^^C^
Perfect I should citotos an especially dates for toe posiMons pifffunier Ed-
B, A Rieth; Gi Bv ’S6| hahj^n s lectod by a comimittee Arito the Rl^^^ ois-sM^bri-pf'the'-Av-.S. 0:; Ei-totoe-: cetve a junior membership in, this hatomal engineering sbefe^. v
Ghecj^ peHb^ April sb, riibw' nVaRaMb Ah (toah> ier’s offlcA UMimtoi^Hilh SODDEN.
gNm gW’Mibg
picion that it may he a subtle parody of Breezy Stmles, On the other handj; moto sriedes^fM beeaueb mere genuine are the sketches that either ato draAn direcEy fcMA petom^ (Gofritinued on page R)
itor, of whom three will he selected, light sophomore co-eds are angling for the three dnmor Co-ed Ed. itorships. There are only toiifee candidates for junior positions on the business staff all of whom will antpmaticaily be selected.
ITTdilS^ttia Initiates 21
Pi Tau Bigma; mechanical engirieering honorary, held its iriitiaMpn yesterday afternoon at 6 p. m. in the Mechanical Engirieering Buildirig fbr nineteen juniors; Mr. G. R. Egry, and Prpf. G. M. Bartlett. After the initiatiori ceremonies, an initiatiori bariquet Was held at Lincoln Lodge at 6:30. Major W. H. Maris was the principal speaker of the evening. Bob' Rtoariss welcomed the iriitiates arid R. p. Stewrirt made the; response. Prof. G;. A. Y”ourig, head of the M, E. school, gave a short talk to the initiates. The toastmastor was E. D. Lynch. The annual Pi Tau Sigma outhig will be held Friday, May 22, at 2 p. tri. The faculty will furnish ttoe ze^ freshmerits and the studehto Will furnish eritertainmerit;
Dr. F. E. Denny To Talk At AGIiS Meeting
til'
Dr. F. E. Denny, plant physiologist of toe Boyce Tlhompson losti-
toe final meeting of the American Chemical Society on “People, Phmto and Chemicals” tomorrow night in Room 106 of the Ghemistoy Building. ^ A ban|quet will he ghren in Denny’s talk.
id .
m19S6-1986 Member Associated Collegiate Press liiBtolbator of , COIXEGEATE DIGEST
■' * *
N*tioniU t3ollege Press AssbiriatidM^ Big Ten Editorial Assbiaattbtt S by National Advertisingr Service, Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New York City
" ^ Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lttfayette, liSdianA Delivered bY nmib $8.50 pot year; cfeiivCred by carrier, $2.50 per year; sold ly singlo copy, 2 cents. ^
Business Phone 6038
ilADi OBTIGE—312 l^orth! Fifth Sia^
Editorial Phene 6087
Daily Student Publication of l^urdue IJniversity,
Editor-in-Chief..
EDITORIAL STAFF
MahaginK Editor..
T. Hunt
..B. H. Merris
Associate Editors’l .K,"A. BainOTte,''j. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P, Mauion, C. L. SadlOT Bold and nioek EditnrH ; ...-„-...-.„...„........;..........Geneive Season, S. M, Truitt
Sports Editor^
SPORTS staff
..L. D. Wood
Associate Sports Editors^
.S. R. Griffiths, R. F. Obenchain, D. F. WilBon
Business Manager:.
BUSINESS STAFF
National Advertising Manager.. Local Advertising Manager.... Circulation Manager.^.-:........-
...R. J. Hulse ..L. H. Brown ....D. 0. Miller ...J. P. Girard
Editor.
Associate Editors,. Advertising Manager-
WOMEN’S STAFF „ , ' - ....Helen Creech ..JCanne janousek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth'Pyke ......Betty Barnett
Wednesday, May 13,1936.
issue Editor—J. R, Hamerstndtb
Mud Sliuging
The recent campaign in Illinpis, with charges and countercharges of graft and corruption, shows what the nation^ campaign later on may become, if party leaders do not decide to conduct sincere, cleans and honest election drives. It also illustrates the disrepute into which office holding may fall, and the unwholesome conditions brought about by interfering professional politicians, and lobbyists. Undoubtedly the national campaign this year offers one of the greatest opportunities in years for mud slinging. Many charges of graft, waste, and inefficiency have already been made against the party now in power, and attempts have been made to discredit some of the officials and congressmen. The depression problem which the Democratic administra.tion attempted to solve made such charges possible, since it was one of the most difficult ever to face a new president and his colleagues. By the nature of the thing, the character of the coming campaign will depend to a large extent on the manner in which the Republican party chooses to conduct itself. If the Republicans decide to make it as dirty as possible, then the Democrats have every excuse for doing likewise. But, if the Republicans decide to Conduct it as decently and gentlemanly as possible, then the Democrats will be acting on their own initiative if they inject insults and mud into the campaign.
From 4-H’ers to Rotarians. We muet be going up in J;he world.
Typewriters, Adding Machines—' For sale, rent, repaired and bought. Multigraph and mimeograph work done.. C. F. ^bershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2770.
Have you seen the portrait of “Goon” Jump in the new Debris? Only a mother could love a face like that and even she’ll probably get an awful scare.
’Tis rumpr<^ that Eappa^^^R^ IS:: wearihg the'pin; :of ;Skttll '"HpuSe Deck,. bui''it;is’a'secret.' MSybb:tha't exidairis why shb^went to. ^©Theta-: .PM . Kappa; Sig dinner. iShb 'doestt’t trusthiin..Wise-girl.^:; C
Gongratuiations to the Debris staff for its fine edition. What us is that there is no Beauty Section for the variety that is man, hence We have drawn up our own qualifications as follows: \ : Eod Bunch—pretty, pretty. Eddie Lynch—to write home to mother about. . John Drake—you big brute you. Dave Dooley—the Dick Powell type.:":; Frank Stone—such a Nice boy. Sig Claypool—ciitie.
Engiheeirins StkdsntB-r-The sckdol of civil e»gineering will appreciate tKe return of thu missing parts of the aluminum model of the Boulder Dam' how on .exhibit in the lobby of the Civil: Engineering Building. This is a valuable and useful model which was presented to the school of civil engineering by the late Dr. Mead, of the reclamation service. ' —HATT. '
Drunken Driving
The greatest menace on the highways today is the drunken driver. The ever-growing list of automobile accidents and fatalities is due in no small part to the equally increasing number of such, drivers. The pity of the whole situation is that this type of accidents is almost entirely preventable, if only those who are addicted to this despicable and dangerous practice would listen to reason. The merits of any kind of drinking at any time or place, disputable as they are, do not enter into the picture as niuch as some persons think. In other words, if a person must drink, let him do so in such a manner as not to impair the lives and limbs of others. But whateveT he does, he should not so much as touch the wheel of an automobile if under the influence of liquor. To combat this regrettable situation, the revocation of the drunken driver’s license seems to be the most practical proposal made to date. This withdrawal of driving rights might work in various ways. One plan, which has found much favor, provides tha,t, on first offense, the license be suspended for one year, and on second offense, that it be suspended for life. Howere, first some method would have to be devised by which true drunkenness could be absolutely defected. Also, drunkenness would have to be defined, so that the man who has had only a beer or two would not be placed in the same class with the habitual souse. Such a plan must be adopted if the dreadful highway toll of recent years is to be lowered. Undoubtedly ways qould be found, especially by the wealthy, to get around such a law, but the restraining effect on the majority of drivers should be sufficient to greatly decrease, if not eliminate ,the accidents due to that most undesirable individual—^the drunken driver.
READERS* OPINION
The Exponent welcomes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers. Typewritten artkles an preiemS.
How Much Longer?
To the Editor: — ^ ^ ^ ^ ^^ ^ ^ ^ It seems only a question of time before one Purdue tradition, that of not smoking on the campus, will disappear. Originally it included all parts of the campus, but in recent years it has been modified to the extent that smoking is now officially condoned on the roadway leading west from Grant Street. But, not satisfied with this liberality, students have penetrated other parts of the campus with increasing strength.
JUapi/ yCiXL biiK^y bu vvc/C/XA c»v xxyx i/xi”em end of Purdue Hall, thus creating a nuisance, as thp large
numbers of students gathered there interfered greatly with traffic. Of course, the Student Senate discussed and cuBsed the situation up and down, but took no definite action, except to
Rsk the Exponent for publicity.
( Opponents of the tradition in its entirety have often pointed but that, at other schools, students are even permitted to smoke during classes. Even though such a policy here would be undesirable, yet more liberality in the regulation seems not only a
good thing but a thing that is ineviable.
Some of these days, the conservative section of the student
to follow his example. How much longer will it be before this
com-
Editor’s Note: The gentleman’s comment seems quite truthfiil. He io in BTror when he calls “No Smoking” merely at tradition; it is a XJniYersity rul©^--one that is not enforced. The entire problem of campus smoking MSfers the Student Senate an excuse for existence. To date the Senate has done nothing but talk. The desirability of sbeh a traditioD,'. or rule, is deubtful; however, it seems better to either en^ force it or. abolish it than to let matters stand as at present.
The pin business on this campus is getting deplorable. They’re putting them out for over-night now. It seems that a Certain Alpha Ghi “fiash” needed a Delt pin to carry her through the night and she got it.
Entomology theme song—“I’se A’buggin’
Fraternity Presidents-^Dinner meeting at SAE house at 6 tomorro-w. Please turn in tickets for Frosh-Varsity football game. Also be prepared to decide on freshman rush booklet. -tMcCONNELL.
Ags Leave Today To Inspect Farins
About 25 seniors and graduate students in advanced farm management, under the supervision of Df. E. C. Young, leave today for an allday trip to inspect farms in the southern part of the state. The Lowell Dicks’ farm near Newcastle, Roy Robbins’ farm, Monrovia, and Walter Gore farm, Bedford, will be visited by the class. The return trip will be made through the -sub-marginal land area in Martin county. This will be the second all-day tour and the final trip of actual farm inspection for the advanced class in management and organization.
W. E. Jessup To Address Civils
W. E. Jessup, field secretary for the A. S. C. E. will address the au'^ nual Civil Engineering banquet this evening in the Home Economics Building at 6:30 p. m. ' Several members of the Indiana State Highway Department and Mr. H. S. Morse of the Indianapolis Water Department will be guests at the banquet. All Civil Engineering students are invited to attend. The cost of the dinner is 65 cents per plate.
“Purpose Of Life” Subject Of Discussion Group Toniglit
“The Purpose of Life” will be the subject of the discussion group at its meeting in the Union Building at 7:30 tonight, according to Dorothy Kuehn, chairman of the group. Dr. J. A. Estey, head of the depart ment of History and Economics, and Prof. Charles B. Murphy of the History department will attend tonight’s discussion.
Muller Criticizes April
Issue Of ‘‘Scrivener” (Continued from page 1)
experience or remain within its range: Mary Cleveland’s sprightly Me and Oscar; W. Kepner’s Drilling in the Burton Pool, which is, except for some synthetic suspense, a fair ly vivid and convinieing account of the life of oil-drillers; and espeipially Jennie Bosco’s Sabbath Lights, no table for its simple, warm, unaffect ed feeling. Uhfortuhately, however, English teachers never succeed in fitting everything into their cozy formulas, Thus L. B, Challis’ Don Quixote, an often lively parable of college life, also suffers from strain; whereas in the brightest piece in this is8ue, May Day and Stuff, Ann Hoagland and Ruby Colgrove use a local custom simply as a springboard for some inspired nonsense: But this is what RiakeB life hard for both teachers and students: the very best morals do not always work.
Found—Fountain Pen. Owner may claim by identifying and paying for advertisement. Call 6862.
Wanted to Rent—^Furnished apt. or home by young high school teacher and family, a Purdue Grad, during summer session. Would be willing to care f0r private or fraternity hbihe, Can furhisb best references, Address; R.Yii.lWeiAle^ driajTnd:;..:
NOTICES
No notieos mowMI oftOT I p. m*
Engrlish 1 Students, Past and Present— Students who ha-ve not yet made a passing grade in any or all . of the grammar, p.unctuaion, and spelling tests should plan to he present at the make-up exams which, respectively, concern them. The place is room 101, Education Building. The time is 4 and 6 p. m. as follows: grammar, Wednesday, May 13 ; spellingi Tuesday, May 19 ; punctuation, Friday, May 22. Students not no-w en-: roll^ in English 1 will need a rempval-of-condition card, in order to be admitted to the examination. —WYKOFF,
Newman Club—Members will meet at St. Mary’s church immediately after 6:30 mass Sunday for their annual picnic which will be held at 'Turkey Run. Transportation will be provided and all desiring to go are asked to call Tom Doyle at the Phi Kappa house. —DOYLE.
Discussion Group—Meeting at 7 :30 this evening. Subject—Purpose of Life. —KUEHN.
Union Workers—Our committees report to the sub-basement at 4 today. > —SCHOLER, QUIGGLE,
Sophomore Union Workers—All who have not filled out nomination application or made their appointment with Mr. Vallely do so immediately. —FULLER.
Purdue Flying Club—Meet tonight at 7 at the Union. —MITCHELL.
Playshop Board—Meeting of old and new board m^tohers at 7:30 tonight. Bring list of crew members eligible for Playshop shingles. —HOLDEN.
Debris Distribution—Debris will be given out today, from 1 to 3:30 only on account eff elections. ' —GOULD.
Co-ed Tennis—These games to be played off today: Ward 4 vs. Theta’s; Alpha Xi’s vs. Kappa’s : Ward 3 vs. W. R. H. —RIETH.
W. A. A. Archery—Tourney at 4 today between freshmen and sophomores. —BOEHM.
Skull and Crescent Pledges—Meet in M. E. Bldg., room 202, at 6 :46 tonight for formal initiation and banquet. —CRAIG.
Skull and Crescent Actives—Meet in room 202, M. E. Bldg., at 6:30 tonight. —CRAIG.
Archery Club—^Meet at 7:30 in Women’s Gym this evening. —LEE. ■
Unorganized P. I. A. Ags—Meet in P. 1. A. office today: freshmen at 4, sophomores at 4:30. Very important. —WAIT, HEESH.
Purdue Lutheran Students—^Meet at 7 :30 Sunday, faculty lounge of Union. -ANDRES.
Alpha Zeta—Election of officers at 4 tomorrow in Student Senate office. Be there. —GARDNER.
Music Study Group—^No meeting this week. Next week Dr. Martin will present "Opera”. —GOLD.
Ceres—Banquet postponed. Will be held Wednesday, May 20, at the Union. —McKINNIS.
W. A. A. Hiking—Hike to Happy Hollow Saturday afternoon. Leave from the Women’s Gym at 2:30. —DOBSON.
Co-ed Baseball—Today at 4: frosh vs. seniors; at 4:4B, juniors vs. seniors. In case of rain games will be held in the Women’s Gym, -KELLY.
Union Workers—All sophomore workers are invited to attend the reception in the lounge tonight. —GRIMM
Tau Beta Pi—Old and new officers meet in peasant rooin of Union at 6:30 tonight. —WAIT,
Tau Beta Pi—rMembers elected last fall please call for shingles at IBS Sheetz St. —LISOHEEV
Christian Science Organization—Meeting tomorrow night at 7:15 in the Engineer office in Union. —DRISCOLL.
W. S. G. A. Office Committee—Meeting in W. S. G. A, office promptly at 4 tonight. ■ —JANOUSEK,
LA^T 'HMES TODAY
LESLIE BANKS and PAUL ROBSON in
“Sanders of the River”
and GEORGE O’BRIEN in
“Hard Rocjk Harrigan” also Popeye Cartoon
Rotarians Continue
fcjfeisla
Convention Today (Continaed from page 1)
In the afternoon, Professors Francis' Harding, R. H. George and' H. J. Heine, of the University electrical engineering department, will give a television demonstration which will close the conference. The rest of the day will be occupied with golf and the Purdue-Louisi^na Tech baseball game. Yesterday’s Program Yesterday’s program, which featured the review of the University military corps on Intramural Field, also included several addresses, asw semblies and presentations. Chief among the speakers was Col. Willard Chevalier, vice president of the McGraw-Hill Publishing Go., New York, Whd discussed ‘’Rehabilitation Today’s Opportunity’’. : Quoting statistics, he showed how the couii'^ try has deteriorated since 1929, and ppinted how rehabilitatiqii will bring back noraial times.
Dr. Henry H. Crane’s address, “Thermometers vs. Thermpstats”> provided the highlight of the afternoon session. Y!is talk dealt with the fundamental issues existing between the two principal ideas of gov^ ernment—-democracy and dictatorship, pointing out how the thermometer was like a dictatorship, and a thermostat like a democracy.
University Glnb To Hold Final Meeting Next Week
The University club will hold its final meeting of the year Wednesday, May 20, in the Memorial Union Building, according to W. A. Knapp, president of the club. The University ba(nd will play a concert from 8 to 9 p. m. Dancing and cards Will last from 9 till 12 o’clock.
LAST TIMES TODAY ROSS ANITA ALEXANDER . ' LOUISE
“Brides . Are Like That” , and JACKIE COOPER
“Tough Guy”
Thursday - Friday - Saturday . PETER B. KYNE’S “Mysterious Aveiiger” and DICKFORAN “TREACHERY RIDES ■ ^ THE RANGE”
LAST "nMES TODAY
Thursday - Friday - Saturday
DOUBLE FEATURE
JANE WITHERS
“GENTLE JULIA” and STUART ERWiN
‘ABSOLUTE QUIET”
■ ■
LAST TIMES TODAY
C
..•iTOWsr .' THURSDAY PIII0JVY SATURDAY
EDWARD ARNOLD in A“Sutter’s Gold”
P L AY GOLF
is occupying the attention of a large number of the populace of this good old U. S. A. just now. And you know it by reading of it in the newspapers. Your advertisement in this paper will be read by all the students and the faculty at Purdue., Swanson won a pitching duel with Bob Rosser yesterday afternoon as the Illinois nine defeated Purdue^s baseball squad, 2 to li Although Rosser only allowed the Illini six hits, two of
Tennis Team Defeated By
Kentucky
Purdue’s tennis squad suffered a defeat at the hands of Kentucky yesterday on the local courts 6 to 1. Purdue won its only tally as a result of their win in the only doubles match of the; iheefc in thi^ match, Wakefield and- Tzucker de^f eated Ey^hs and Stahr,;6-3, 6-3^ " Kentucky won all fiye of the singles matches, most of which were closely Contested. ‘ ; Summary is a^ follows: Singles--^J. Mqre (K) defeated Niclcolich (P) 1-6, 6-4,12-10. Evans (K) defeated Ulrey (P) ., 6-r4,6-0.; / . Pullock (K) defeated Wakefield (P) 6-0> 6-1. Stahr (K) defeated Tzucker (P) 5.*r,/6-l,..6-3.; Montgomery (K) defeated Horn (P> 4-6, 6-2, 6r2. Doubles—Tzucker and Wakefield (P) defeated Evans and Pullock (K)
6-3, 6-3.
4- 4- 4- 4- 4- / 4- 4- 4- . 4- 4- 4- 4BASEBALL 4 4 + 4-4 4 4,4- 4 4 4 4 Today Diamond 0—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Phi Gamma Delta. Budd, referee. 7—^Acacia ys. Sigma Chi. Abell, referee.
■ AFTER THE SHOW stop in for a barbecue or bowl of idhiU. /Manhattan Sandwich Shop 610 Main St.
: ' PAUL A. MS8K . , ROBEBTG.BISK- ; •■''HAKOLIJ J. RISK .LUTH®B A.; RISK 400 Schultz Bldgr. Phone 5701 Comer 4th and Main
r
Satisfy both youir appetite and pocketbook at the
MITZI SANDWICH SHOE 213 Vine St. W. Lafayette
DEAC : HAS EVEEYTHING fora . COLLEGE EDUCATION
H. G. REISNEE
choice
aska walked and was sent to second on Bartz’s sacrifice. Lucas was given a walk, putting men on first and second. Voung, next man up, knocked a ground ball to the third baseman, Franklin, who forced Malaska out coming to third. Mangas knocked a grounder over the second base l^hat was too hot for Weber to handle. On the play, Weber, trying to get Lucas at third, threw the ball into the stands, allowing “Luke” to score and advancing Young to third and Mangas te second. Sines ended the inning'by heSingteSsefi out by; t^^ ond-baseman, Weber/ / . 'v'Firarikliii'Hits/Tiyb Both of ^he runs scored by the Illihi came as/a result of triples by Franklin, Hlini third sacker. On his first and second trijps to the plate, he hit the first ball pitched over Man gas’ head, in left field. In the second innirig; he scored on Swikles’ single and in the fourth he scored as Daukus was thrown outj Lucas to Young. Purdue started a determined rally in the last half of the ninth hs Sines singled to start the inning. The rally was short-lived, howeyer, Us Krause fouled out to the catcher and Mitchell, pinch-hitting for Waling, hit into a double play, Weber to Swikle to Duffner. , Summary
"Editor’s Note—This column will appear daily in an effort to create more interest in this page. Suggestions are invited by the author, and conrtibutions will be heartily accepted.
ILUNOIS Reinhart, If Haefler, rf Dancisak, cf ... Duffner, lb ..... Franklin, 3b ... Weber, 2b Daukus, c ....... Swikle, ss ....... Swanson, p
AB.R.H.p. A.E. .4 0 0 0 0 6
3 0 0 0 0 0 0 1 10 0 0 1 14 0 0 2 2 1 4 1 0 0 0 4 1
18 0 0 1 3 6 0 0 0 4 0
.....4 ;i".:4 ......4
......4 0 6 0 2 0 8 0
'
— — 'I—.
Totals
........32
2
6 27 17
2
PURDUE
AB
R. H.O. A.
E.
Malaska, cf ,.
...3
0
0 4 0
0
Bartz, rf :
3
0
0 1 0
0
Lncas, 8b
3
1
^ 0 3
0
Young, lb ...........
.........4
0
1 16 0
1
Mangas, if ,
......La
0
2 10
0
Sines, ss ;
8
0
1 2 3
0
Krause, c
4
0
0 3 0
0
Waling, 2b .:
...3
0
0 13
0
Rosser, p
.....2
0
0 0 6
0
♦Mitchell
.1
0
too
0
Totals
........80
i
6 27 16
1
♦Batted for Waling in ninth.
Illinois .., ....................010 100 000^2 6 2 Purdue ...1 100 000 000—1 6 1 Sacrifice hits—Bartz, Swikle. Stolen bases —Sines, Swikle. Strike outs—by Eosser, 2; by Swanson, 6. Bases ori balls—off Rosser, 1; off Swanson, 4. Two base hit—Young.
Three base hits—Franklin, 2. ,
I Phi Psi’s Win GTeek Track Carnival
Phi /Kappa Psi won the inter-fra-ternity track meet, acording to official score. Sigma Alphg, Epsilon was second and Kappa Sigma third. There is no need to run the half-mile race over today, according to the statement of Chuck Hamilton, Junior Intra-mural Manager,
Gould Satisfactory Tom Gould, who underwent an appendicitis operation at the St. Eliz abeth Hospital yesterday, was reported in a satisfactory condition last night.
feel years younger since I got my new Estate”
Annual Contest m Wa-
hasli Sponsored By
Intramural Dept*
The mini and the Boilermakers showed heads up^aseball yesterday afternoon in a mighty good game on the home field. The 2 to 1 victory was the eighth for the Suckers. Wisconsin knocked them off of the top perch last week in a close l .tA,0 game in Madison.
—^fc—
When the Boilermakers were em tertaihed by Champaign on April 18 a crowd of appTokiihateiy 2$()0 fens stddd by to #atch the tihv Approximately 2 Boilermaker fans w;s’^ed Dtirdue; losg yestibrday afternobh. With free admissipii to homp gariies so that tbvirh folks as /Well as students need phly a iittfe amhition to attend, a much larger crowd cettainly/shotild be in eyidbnbe. The Olfi Gbld and Black nine needs support. Let’s ^ye it to them. For those of you who haven’t had ah occasipn to drop around to the home baU park-—why not mpsey pyer this afternoon to see the Louisiana Tech game. Game time—4 o’clock. You can make it. The team from Champaign/may be called Suckers, but they didn’t show it yesterday, especially in the last of the eighth inning. Bob Lucas, singled for the second time/putting the tying run on first. PoUpwing this play the mini pmlled one of the smoothest plays seen around here in many a moon. Swikle ,the Sucker shprtstop, got the hall on its regular trip arouhd the bases, and instead of tossing it to the piteher he kept it. As the pitcher approached the mound, “Luke’’ took the customary lead from the base, and the shortstop proceeded to throw to first, catching Lucas by a hairline decision. Smart baseball; it eVen caught the base coaches Sound asleep.
__fe_
See you at the Tech game this afternoon. Remember 4 o’clock.
4r4 ;-4 4
4
4-
4 4.
-4'
BIG LEAGUE STANDINGS
4 4 4 4
4
4
4 4
-4-
4 -4
NATIONAL LEAGUE
w.
L.
Pet.
St. Louis.
14
8
.636
Pittsburgh.....
......12
9
.671
New York.......
13
10
.566
Chicago
12
11
.522
Cincinnati...:
12
13
.486
Boston
.10
12
.466
Brooklyn
10
14
.416
Philadelphia......
„....io
16
.885
AMERICAN LEAGUE
W.
L.
Pet.
New York...........
......17
8
.680
Boston
17
9
.664
ClevelBnd......i...
16
9
.626
Detroit.......;
......12
11
.622
Chicago.....
......10
10
.600
Washington.......
13
14
.481
Philadelphia...;..
8
16
.848
St. Louis...
...... 4
20
.166
4 4 > 4.
4
4
4 4
4
YESTERDAY’S RESULTS 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4
NATIONAL LEAGUE
Brooklyn, 6 ; St. Louis, 2. New York, 6: Chicago, 4. ; Cincinnati, 6 ; Philadelphia, 4. • Pittsburgh, 6; Boston, 6. (Called after tenth because of darkness.) ■ AMERICAN LEAGUE
Detroit, 6; Boston, 0. Philadelphia at Cleveland (called because of rain). Sti Louis, 7; New York, 0. Washington at Chicago (called because of wet grounds).
4 4 > 4 4 4 4 4 4 .4. 4 TODAY’S GAMES 4 .4 4 4 4 '4 4 4 4 4 4 NATIONAL LEAGUE Chicago at New York. St. Louis at Brooklyn. Pittsburgh at Boston. Cincinnati at Philadelphia. AMERICAN. LEAGUE Boston at Detroit. New York at St. Louis. - Philadelphia at Cleveland. Washington at Chicago.
Through the muddy wateiDS of the Wabash, the entries in, the annual All-University river swim will paddle on the afternoon of 'Tuesday, May 19. The race, sponsored by the intramural department; will begin at Lincoln Lodge on the north river road, and will end at the Brown street bridge. , G. H. Kerber won last year’s race with a. time of 25:32.2 in one of the fastest meets-ever held. Because of swollen waters, Berber was able to cut eight minutes from the previous record. Whitcomb, Vernor and Gillis participated in a private battle to end second, third and fourth respectively. - A statuette of a poised swimmer will' be awarded to the winner, and medals will be presented to the next ^threetto 'fimsh. ;
University Meets lU Chess
Team Saturday “Bo” McMillen, Indiana football mentor, will play on the Indiana faculty chess teain ysrhich will play here at the Union Building at I p, m. Saturday. The student chess teams of the two state schools are playing for the second time this year, the first meeting of the two teams ended in a ^n for Indiana, 4 to 2, over the Purdue team. Me type of game to be used is the single game type of niiatch; Indiana’s faculty team is composed of Prof. Moore, ProfV Hoffzimmer, Prof. Gallo’5vay, Coach MicMillen, and Dean Stout, The student team is composed of J. Cooper, Switzer, Sturgeon, E. Cooper, and Hobsonl : The faculty team which -otU oppose Indiana will probably be composed of Dr. P. D. Martin, Prof. I.
grid star, w^ appointed to a position on the coaching staff of Central high school of Evansville yesterdsqr, Wayne, Who was a varsity guard ow last season’s squad, will have a position on the teaching staff as well as duties as assistant football coach.
Frat Nines Enter Finals
4 , Teams Eluninated Last Night; 6 Remain In Competition Inter-fratemity baseball nears an end as the remaining teams fight to play in the fiinals. Last night four teams were eliminated from tjhe competition when Phi Kappa Psi, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Tau Epsilon Phi and Sigma Phi Epsilon lost their second game in the double elimination tourney. The remaining teams in the tourney are Acacia, Phi Kappa Tau, Delta Sigma Lambda, Delta Upsilon, Phi Gamma Delta and Sigma Chi. Afeacia ahd /Pin ■ Kappa^^ undefea^ted/nines; were schedMe play night hut the ganae WRS postpohed because /of the varsiiy game. The Sigma Clu bine & hearer the finals by outsluggihg the Sig Ep’s 6 to 1. 'The Delfe/^S^^ nosed put Phi Kappa Psi 6/ to 6/ Delta Upsiloh: defeated the S/ A. E.’s 5 to 4. In the other game of the afternoon, the Phi Gam’s wPh over Tan Epsilon Phi 5 to 2.
Walerstein, Lt. Col. Brewer, and Prof. Sabhagh. The stfident team/is as follows: E, C, Pel^trup, E. A. Smith, D. V, Bellinger, C. Plank, and J.;W. Connelly.
_ A New Jersey high school has taught flying for the past 3 years. Five thousand take offs have been made without an accidentt
Lonisiana Tech'will play hero tide
afternoon at 4 o’clock on the varsity diamond in the first of a three game series to be played this week. The Tech nine will play here this aftear^ ^ noon, tomorrow, will rest Thttrsday ’ while Purdue takes on Michigan, * ^
and will finish the three game series . ' r
The Boilermaker nine journeyed
to Louisiana to play a six game series during spring vacation and lost all the games to the Tech nine. The games here are expected to end differently as the Purdue nine has had
considerably more experience than they had in the first series when they played the Louisiana squad, then in
mid-season form.
Interfrateniity Horseshoe Toiirney Gets Under Way Inter - fraternity horse shoe doubles got under way this week and are expected to be completed Friday. Me teams in the touriMy / will play four games to deteriniue the ei^t best teams to play in the ,fihals;Friday.; The sixteen teams entered in the tourney are: Alpha Tau Omega, Sigma NU, Tau Kappa Epsilon, Triangle, Picathon, Phi (^mma Ddlta, Alpha Gamma Rho; Phi /Kappa Pri, Pi Kappa Phi, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Kappa Sigma, Delfe Chi, De^ Tau Delta, Phi Delta, Meta, Phi/ Kappa, and Phi Kappa Tau.
Three alligators, seven white mice; three turiles, and several (rits /aiid dogs were taken alive in a speciacular “forbidden pet hunt” held re-' cently by Columbia dormitory authorities.
' /.M;
4'\4//4- 4', 4: 4 4 y-' 4,4 '4 FRESHMAN TENNIS ' 4 4 4, 4 4. 4:4:4 4 4 4 Today, 4:15 o’clock Lownie ys. Hamilton. Woodruff vs. Wiggans. Winter vs. Dakin. Wildman vs. Rowan. Snyder vs. Gray. Jackson vs. Derner.
4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 4 FRATERNITY TENNIS ' -DOUBLES ' ■ . f 4 4 / 4:; 4- 4 '4 ;4 4 > ■ 4 ’Today, 5 o’clock Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Phi Delta Theta. Sigma Pi vs. Sigma Nui Sigmia Chi vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Delta Sigma Lambda. Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Kappa SigmR.
/»j
. . ''.sa
I
\ {
L I
You^n like the way Half & Half mothei>iii4^V wire:"Arrive Erid^.** Sweet the news that she’s changed her plans* Fragrant» full-bodied tobacco that won’t bite the tongue—-.Iti a tin that won’t bite the fingers. Made by our exclusive inodetn process including patent No. 1,770,920. Smells good. Makes your pipe welcome anywhere. Tastes good. Your password to pleasure!
-'•'as
I
Ut of In lh« tobacco M and amdUme usa-up lh« tabacco. No bitlan Rngan at you vaaah far p load, awn «ho tatfi on*.
FOR PIPI OR CIOARITTt^ ..Dick Shelton Will Play For Ahnual Gallop) Mortar Board SpOn^ sbrs Go-ed Bid Dance
FHday Night
Dick Shelton and his band froni the University of Illinois will fur nish the syncopation for the annual Gingham Gallop Friday night in . the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building. This dance, an anniial affair will be sponsored by Mortar Board and is co-ed bid. Tickets priced at one dollar wiH be placed on sale at noon today at sorority houses, the Women’s Besidence Hall, | and the Union Desk. As in previous years, co-eds will wear cottons, either sports or formal types. Mary Louise Lustig, president of Moii;ar Board, announced yesterday that Mortar Board initiation will be held Sunday morning at sunrise. Following the service, breakfast will
be served to the group.
WSCA To Hold Mass Meeting
W. S. G. A. will Hold a mass meeting in the faculty lounge Monday, May 18, at 4 o'clock for the purpose of introducing the new officers and chairmen; Ruth Copeland, new priBS'ident of the organization, will give a report of the W« S. G. A. eonVen: tioti held recently at Denispn University and Helen Hall> reUritig president, vsrill preseht a fesumh of this year’s worki housemothers are inyited toattendthis meeting.
"College People Know How To Dance To My Music"—Duke Ellington
Iron Key^ Mortar Board Dine Today Iron Key and Mortar Board members will hold a joint luncheon at 12 o’clock today in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building. The purpose of this luncheon is to coordinate the interests of the two groups; David Ross, president of the board of trustees of the University, and Jack Walters, of the personnel department, will also be present.
WSCA To Extend Mentor Program; Finding the mentor system successful this year, the W.S. G. A. is planning a more extensive mentor program next year, as a part of the freshmen •women orientation schedule. Letters are bem^ seiit to all juniors and seniorsj and to selected sophomores, inviting them to classes in a new Mentor Training School The firstsession of this newly organized project •will be held in the faculty lounge tomorrow night at 7:16. The school is in charge of Jeanette Scudder and Margaret Dimmick, and is under the supervision of Dean Dorothy C. Stratton and Dr. Har-
riet O’Shea. -
Gleri Downey To Speak At WAA Mass Meeting W. A. A. will hold its first mass meeting tomorrow evening at 7:15 o’clock in the Women’s Gymnasium, “Baseball from the Spectator’s Point of View” will be the subject of a talk to be given by Glen Downey, Boilermaker pitcher. Eathefine Dunwoody and Betty Arnold, who represented the University at the
Go-ed Underclassmen Win . Baseball Games In an exciting baseball game yesterday afternoon the sophomore girls defeated the seniors by a score of 17 to 6i Hea'vy hitters for the sophomores Were Da'vis, Ritchey, Humphreys, and Campbell who each made three runs; Maier and Hawk ins with two runs each Were outstanding players on the senior team. The freshmen won over the juniors, 11 to 8, in a fast-moving game, Shaffer, with two runs, was the leading batter for the freshmen. Charles and Venemann made tWo runs each
for the juniors.
By Dorthea Justin “Students are sympathetic to my music,” grinned Duke Ellington, famous leader in 3^(ving and jazz. ‘T like to play for college proms because there is plenty of time for the students 'to enter the mood of the MUSIC.” He left to go to his piano, vdsich^ plays asheditec^ As We listened, we understood his gnsat appehl and, magnrtiSin f^
yoxith;
Swefet ahd hot and f aOt-—ittusic by DlAO MKngton/Bhythitt^run^^^ singing it, drums swinging iti:Dnke EUingthn leading it, and afternoon off a grand holiday from school. An Indianapolis theater was the scene of tho adventure. The colored orchestra and their gobd-look-ing leader were as pleased over the audience aiiplause, as the avid listeners were over their exciting
music.
After the stage program we secured the permission of the man-r ager to go back stage; Down two diisty alleys, dimly lighted, was the stage door. When we opened it; a bell tinldedj and a white haired man came. Gur explanation and permis Sion s'ufficed, so he admitted us. We were in the back of the theater, in huge black space. Trunks, wires, ropes, noises—these -were the fifst confused impressions. Eagerly anticipating the promised interview with the famous band leader, we passed the time talking to the stage hand. A porter carried large tray with a sizzling steak, fluffy potatoes and other delicious looking food, so we settled ourselves
for a long wait.
Greeting •us cheerfully when he appeared, Ellington was medium
W. A. A. convention, held at Minne apolis, will present reports.
manner. Willingly the composer of “Solitude” and “Mood Indigo” answered questions, giving asides to meiM^ers of his troupe who asked
advice.
The popular troupe is booked for tours from New York, and is in wide demand over the country. At present they are broadcasting, from the Congress Hotel in Chicago every evening at ten o’clock; Spontaneous Remarks, shouts, and funny actions are welcomed by the zestful per foriner; wkb feels l^t siwli by^play intrigues Jbhe audience^ r Good fbp^ is (deeply appr^iatbd
by Mr. Ellington;
cause he must check bis diet carefully. “It inay seem peculiar, but T like spumoni, which is a very rich, Italian, mousse-like desert;’’ Scotch and soda is his favorite drinkj but he rarely indulges. He likes beer but finds it too weight building. Affably and kindly, with a dramatic personality, is Duke Ellington. Especially compiimehtary were his closing words. “I like college people. They are quick, and sensitive to rhythm. And they know how to dance to my mxisicl”
Union To Entertain Home Ec Faculty Executives of the Union board anid all sophomore Union workers are entertaining the faculty of the home economics school at a coffee hour this evening in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building froffi 8 until 9:30 o’clock. This project is. being sponsored by the Student Union in an effort to promote better relations between students and faculty and to acquaint faculty members v>ith the' aettvities its vrhfcb students are participating.
Newsprint On Cotton New Styles Feature Flashy Uniforms For
Women
By Betty Aim Plmrer. What’s news in the cotton world is news for everyone today. Instead of reading your paper, just pick out some bathing beach and you’ll find all the latest news printed on s'wimming suits, shorts, slacks, culottes, and even the huge'sun hats. Perhaps the person in front of you on the' street car ■will be wearing a crisp white cotton blouse, boldly printed in black and easily discernible. Developed Quickly This new fashion has developed rather quickly and now you can go into any department store and btfy he'ws by the yard; It comes in bright colors on white backgrounds such as red, green, yellow, blue, and black. Some even have pictures of Amelia Earhart and other celebrities. Some carry just headlines, other full length features. Stories are usually continued on the sfeevc' bf the article; Sometimes you of one exciting article because it is interrupted by a pleat> dart, Or
seam.;-'
The sports worid of fashion must always be different and so its starts a lot of “fads” such as this. How long the “newsy’V prints •mil continue to attract the bathing beauties, tennife players and the lihe, remaihs to be seen. Just how, get a yard or two of ftoht-page cottons, and youTl be in the news.
SSB
V,-“.I I I ji . V*', A i ' ^ I I ''' 'I ‘ 1 ”,'11,IyA
SOCIAL BRIEFS
Cary Hall will hold its annual spring formal Saturday night from 9 to 12. Emil Velasco -will play in the North Hall and Ray Bossart 'will furnish music for dancing in the East. The East Hall will be deco rated to resemble a garden. Tables will be placed in the court between the halls and refreshments will be
served there.
tall, well groomed, with a friendly
Urbik Milk for M®re Eii®rgy
Call JOHNSON Phone 41BS2
Milk is your best food-— it’s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-building and energy building.
BEVERLY ior Women'* Wetohe*
— and there's a distinctive "snap^* Wirfart Watch ohzemblb^ indiidii « Hadley Bracelet,, Strap, Coid or Beside, there is the utihOrt in Comfort and Perfect Fit. Send for ’’Smart Wrists,” a folder shows'many of the Hadley IdSB l)ei|ps in Wrist Wateh Bfacefott for Mia; atul Women. THEN CONSULT YOUB JEWELBII
W ft COMPANY < IHC Ttrottl§- Giutih" WBISf.WATCII BKC&esWtBI.'r-.SINOS Hit
: - ■, V : ’OLLEGIATE Review By. Associated Collegiate Press
Hal Denman Will play tor the Sigma Nu spring formal to be held at the chapter house Saturday night.
Women buy 60 per cent of all the neckties sold in the United States, In Nebraska, it is illegal to picnic twice on the same spot or within 3 miles of it inside of 30 days. Excessive bathing may mean a guilty conscience, says a U. of Chicago psychologist. A heretofore unknown sixteenth century stained glass window has been discovered in England by Princeton scientists. Dr. Aaron Bakst, Columbia mathematician, receives two or three “solutions” every week to problems that are imsolvable. Ten Harvard students, intrigued with nude bathing in the snow, have formed the “Polar Bare” club. Cats cannot he owned legally since a cat is classed as a predacious animal. An airplane’s effective range of attack is from 100 to 160 yards. Notre Dame has instituted a two year course in graduate apologetics Requests by real estate operators for Columbia athletes to take the place of striking workers were re fused by university authorities. Cornell U. has received a $16,000 Rockefeller pWndation grant for drama training. A new form of Vitamin D has been developed at the U. of Illinois medical school. Rhgmrs Deering, farm machinery fortuneheir, has bequeathed $7»000, 000 to Northwestern University. Children who wiU be iinsucifiessful in latey life can be spotted at the age of six, says a Harvard professor. ! A U* of Rochester zopibgist has devised a method by Which he <!»n make eggs destined to hatch rooster chicks hatch hen chicks instead.
ncer,
Anthropologist, To Explore Fijis "Dorothy Speneeiv a formeie Uni•rerSity of Wisifonshr and B vania Student, •will explore the ^^^F Islands daring the next year in the interest of antbrOpolo^. For this daring feat which fe'W men have accomplished, she will wear ho bizafre costume and •will not even carry! a pistol to protect her from tropical hazards, many insects and animals; This will be just another scientific trip- fOr her, as she lived with the Indians of East Manitoba, Canada
last summer.
While in the Fiji Islands she will be aiotte and'^will have as her principal equipment a motion picture camera, a notebook, and a walking stick; As part of her adventure, She •will live in a thatched hut and iVill endeavor to thrive on the food grown on the island. Miss Spencer has no terror of the inhabitants whom she bolieves Will be friendly if she shOws ho combatice attitude. She hopes toobtain the services of a native girl as a guide on arriving at Giiva. Miss Spencer’s trip has been made possi ble through a fellowship from the Social Science Research Council.
Delta Tau Delta will entertain Chi Omega at tea Sunday afternoon at 4 o’clock. '
WSGA Officers Picniu Old and new officers and chairmen of W‘. S. G. A. will hold a picnic supper today At 4:30 o’clock on the field adjoining' the Alpha Xi Delta house. Old officers please bring written reports.
Sigma Pi will hold a spring formal Saturday night from 9 to 12 at Duncan Hall. Louie Meyer and his band from Fort Wayne:-will provide the music. .
Mickey Is^ey, from Gary, •will play at the annual spring dahCe to he given this Saturday by Phi Gamma Delta at the chapter house.
Members of the NeWman club ■will hold a picnic at Turkey Run Sunday. The group -will leave Lafayette about 8 o’clock Sunday morning.
W. R. H. Will hold its annual spring formal SaturcUiy night from 9 until 12 o’clock. Kenny Ebershoff’s band will play and the decorations will follow a nautical motif.
Kappa Kappa Gamma will hold a picnic tomorrow in Happy Hollow for members and their guests.
Pi Beta Phi sorority and Kappa Sigma fraternity held a picnic last night in Happy Hollow. Sunday afternoon the Pi Phi’s •will entertain the Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity at tea.
Alpha Xi Delta ■will hold a tea on Sunday from 2 to 6 ofolock, to which faculty members and the presidents of all fraternities and sororities have been invited. Spring flowers will decorate the house and the chapter members will entertain the guests with a musical program.
The spring formal of Beta Theta Pi -will beheld Saturday night froffi 9 to 12 o’clock at the chapter house. Music ivill be provided by Bill Jones and his orchestra.
« •.; •
No time like Mby
No way like ©llYHOU ND
MiHiefFeifB ffiie
Chicago —. Indianapolis Cincinnati' Pittsburgh ., New York .... Lebanon.. Kentland Philadelphia Washington Boston
.$ 3.00 . 1.60 .. 4.35 . 9;60 ..16.60 ,. 1.00 .. 1.2® .. 16;10 ..■14.60. ...20.10
iuef ffiMjsare Faras anitf'SerVlee f ra SLOSSOM TIME on the highwayel de Oieoliound vHndows bring iilesh hceezei —comfortable reclining chairs invito rest and selasation, whether your trip is for business or pMsuro; edrehei'^e ail America, with frequent dependable schedules, lovinest possible farm for Mst Clsili service.' , UNION BUS - STATION, . 5th & Ferry Streets Phone 2106
Judy Pinnel, from Indianapqlis, will play for Ddta- Chi’s closed, spring formal Saturday nigHt from 9 until 12 o’clock in their chapter house.
Alpha Gamma Rho will hold ah officers’ training sdiool for about 84 officers of chapters in the middle west at their chapter house on Saturday and Sunday.
^^ious Ptos are not our only specialty. Our steaksi waffles, and'coffee also excel in their field; ContiniiDus 24-0Qiir Seiwice