<4
dlhc ¥urilu^ ISxpanent
Read Daily By 5,000 Students Of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVnt
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, MAY 12,1937
NUMBER 151
Ross Speaks At Tau Beta Pi Initiation “If you tell me when you get out of the University that you’re a finished product. I’ll tell you that you are—finished!” stated David E. Ross, president of the University Board of Trustees, in an address delivered last night at the initiation banquet of Tau Beta Pi, national all-engineering honorary society, held in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building, Ross, in his address entitled “What Engineers Should Know Besides Engineering,” said, “About all Purdue University can give you is the ability to study knowingly,” and advised the members of Tau Beta Pi to take up an intensive course in reading after graduation and in no way to feel that their education was any more than be gun. Petticrew Welcomes C. R. Petticrew’s welcome to the initiates was responded to by J. W. Fredericks. J. C. Sanders acted as toastmaster for the banquet and D. N. Wait, retiring president of the organization mude the introduction. Election of officers for the coming year was held immediately following the addresses. W. C. Musham, junior mechanical engineering student, was elected president, and J. R. Murray was chosen vice-presi-dent. Other officers are recording secretary, H, F. Wells; corresponding secretary, H. E. Grieger; treasurer, J. C. Sanders; and cataloger, J. L. Waling. Faculty Faculty board members elected last night were Professor W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of engineering, and H. J. Karr, instructor in the school of electrical engineering. New members initiated last night include E. C. Alexander, D, D. Baals, S. E. Belsley, J. E. Brock, E. N. Cox, G. D. Cross, A. H, Forster, J. W. Fredericks, H. E. Grieger, R. P. Griffenhagen, C. A. Reichelderfer, R. H. Schlundt, J, M. Sheadel, J. L, Waling, and R. 0. Wickersham. Professor C. A. Ellis, of the school of civil engineering, and Professor D. T. Canfield, of the school of electrical engineering, were initiated as honorary members.
Dicus To Speak At Dinner For Halt T. A. Dicus, new State Highway Commissioner, will be the main speaker at the annual banquet of the University section of the Antai> ican Society of Civil Engineers, to be held tonight at 6:30 at lancoln Lodge. Local ASCE members, state highway commission members. University faculty members, and other interested students will attend the banquet. Prof. G. E. Lommel, of the civil engineering school, will tdeliver a farewell address in honor of Dr. W. K. Hatt, retiring head of the civil engineering school. Tickets for the banquet are priced at 40 cents for A. S. C. E. members and 70 cents for non-members.
Practical, Theoretical Tests To^Determine Best Basic Soldier Saturday Saturday at 1:30 o’clock in the Armory, the victors in the best soldier cpntest will be chosen. The best soldier contest, an annual affair sponsored by Scabbard and Blade to promote interest in the corps, is open to basic students. The victors, who will be determined by practical and theoretical tests over the work which they have covered, will be awarded medals and citations, a medal and a citation to the first five freshmen students and the first five sophomore students, and one citation to each of the next five freshmen and sophomore students.
Kappa Psi Kappa Psi, pharmaceutical honor'ary, announces the installation of the following officers at a recent banquet: president, J. W. Nelson; vice-president, D. A. Slattery; sec-retary-treasurer, G. H. Reiff; and historian, B. L. Clark.
E. H. Morris Makes Sigma Delta Chi Presentation E. Hugh Morris, retiring managing editor of the Exponent, will present the Sigma Delta Chi Leather Medal to the person who, in the opinion of that organization, has done the most for the University during the past year, at the evening session of the Purdue Newspaper Day meeting Saturday. Newspaper men and journalists from all over the state will be the guests of the University chapter of Sigma Delta Chi, professional journalistic fraternity, at this first Newspaper Day, to be held Saturday. Both the afternoon and evening meetings will be held in the Memorial Union Building. Five Speakers Annual spring initiation ceremonies for associate and active members will be included in the program. Speeches will be made by Ned Gorrell, publisher of the Pulaski Coimty Democrat, Paul Riddick, editor of the LaGrange Standard-News, J. F. McDermond, publisher of the Attica Ledger-Tribune, G. J. Thomas, publisher of the Marion Leader-'Trib-une and Chronicle, and Wray Fleming, president of the Hoosier State Press Association, during the afternoon session which begins at 2 o’clock. Stephen J. Noland, editor of the Indianapolis News, will speak on “The Newspaper Of The Future” at the evening session which will begin at 6:46 p. m. The meetings will be open.
Coofy Girls Gathering Gallant Grooms—Going Gingham Galloping
By Yvonne Price Two by two, they go marching through—^where ? Can’t you guess ? At last it’s coming; this is the equivaleht to the “Gold Diggers” of last semester. Yes, you’re right—“Gingham Gallopt” It’s just another one of those “affairs” where the girls do the dating and, of course, buy the tickets, but what an “affair!” Remember, girls, this is the last co-ed bid till next fall. Don’t miss this opportunity to give the boy friend a big break. “On The Spot” Some girls are on the “spot.” The girls have already been dated for Friday night the boys not knowing about the dance. Still, the girls are perfectly willing to take the “lads” to the dance. Long dresses, short dresses, gingham, pique, dimity, or what have you in cotton, “swing” skirts or the
long skirts are appropriate. Take your choice, girls, although long dresses are the favorites. Here’s a warning; don’t wear a silk formal or street dress to the dance and expect to d^nce! The ticket takers will take you, date and all, to the front door and PUSH. Buy Ticket ONLY For the co-eds who are wondering and eh eds who are hoping, the girls pay for the ticket ONLY! It isn’t necessary for the girls to bring any money, just the ticket and, of course, a date. The boys are warned not to leave their purses home “accidentally.” “Swinging” his rh3d;hms high and low, Jimmy Cathcart and his 11piece orchestra from I. U. (Indiana University for those who don’t know) will play. Just one last minor detail—^tickets are $1.00. Come one and all and join the parade of the “Gingham Gallopers.”
Debris Distribution Begins Today At 8 Distribution of the 1937 Debris will begin at 8 a. m. today in the Debris office on the second floor of the Memorial Union Building. The Debris will be distributed from 8 a. m. to 5:30 p. m. today and tomorrow. After that time the distribution will be from 4 p. m. to 6:30 p. m. only. Receipts must be presented in order to secure the copies, although a limited number will be placed on sale at $5.00.
George Returns From Pacific Coast Prof. R. H. George of the school of electrical engineering, has returned from the Pacific coast where, for a month, he has acted as observer and consultant for the United Air Lines on certain studies of the effect of static electricity upon airplanes. Several other electrical engineering faculty members from different institutions accompanied Professor George on the test flights up and down the coast. He expects to return to California next Sunday to continue the studies for a week longer.
C. Alexander Reported Improving From Crash C. C. Alexander, senior agricifiture student, although recovering rapidly from a compound fracture of the pelyis will have to remain in a hospil;al at Racine, Wis., for several weeks more, according to J. J. Davis, head of the entomology department, who visited him last Sunday. Professor Davis was accompanied to Racine by Dr. H. O. Deay, of the entomology department. Alexander suffered his injuries a month ago in an automobile accident. His graduation will be delayed because of his accident. Professor Davis also stated that he is expected to come here to resumejhis studies as soon as possible.
Forestry Qub To Hold Field Day Saturday Camp Cary, local boy scout camp, will be the scene of the Forestry Club’s field day Saturday from 1 to 7 p. m. Entertainment will consist of chopping contests, sawing contests, and baseball games. Members of the forestry department as well as others on the faculty are expected to attend the social gathering, tickets for which are priced at 26 cents each.
ASME Students To Give Technical Speeches Tonight Four engineering students will present ten-minute technical talks tonight at the “Student Paper Meeting” of the University branch of the American Society Of Mechanical Engineers, to be held in the tower rodm of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 . These technical talks will be given as engineering “papers,” either read or given from notes. Speakers and subjects will be: M. Sittig, “Diesel-Electric Streamline Train;” S,. Miller, “Modern Die-Casting;” E. W. Heller, “Organization Of The Real-Silk Hosiery Mills;” and D. E. Lowman, “Latest Airplane Engine Design.” Three Judges Judging the talks will be: Prof. G. A. Young, head of the mechanical engineering school. Prof. J. D. Hoffman, head of the practical mechanics department, and Prof. H. L. Solberg, of the mechanical engineering school. With the cooperation of the national chapter of the A. S. M. E. the student branch is enabled to offer an award for the best paper. The award to be presented tonight will be a biography of Albert Edson Sweet, former dean of engineering at Cornell University, and designer of the Straight-Line engine.
Rider-Bennett Mr. and Mrs. Kenneth Rider, of Franklin, have announced the engagement of their daughter, Dorothy Jane, to Franklin O. Bennett, of Dayton, 0. The wedding will take place May 29. Miss Rider attended Franklin College and Purdue University, and is a member of Pi Beta Phi and Tri Kappa. Mr. Bennett is also a graduate of Purdue University, and a member of Kappa Sigma fraternity.
200 Attend Time And Motion Dinner Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth, Professor of Management at the University, and Frank D. Chase addressed 200 members of the Time and Motion Study Conference last night at a banquet in the Memorial Union Building. This dinner was a joint meeting with the American Society of Mechanical Engineers. Dean A. A. Potter of the engineering schools of the University presided over the dinner and introduced the two well known speakers. Dr. Lillian M. Gilbreth, President of Gilbreth, Inc., and professor at the University spoke on the subject “Development Of Time And Motion Study”. Frank D. Chase of Frank D. Chase, Inc., Chicago, 111., gave “Remarks On Study Methods By Management.” Other Speakers Others who have lectured in connection with Time and Motion Study Conference are: L. P. Persing, in charge of time and motion study and wage rates at the General Electric Co., Fort Wayne; W. M. Fanning, operating manager at the Charles E. Bedaux Co., Chicago, 111.; C. D. Bookout, in charge of time study department of the Perfect Circle Co., Hagerstown; and A. B. Segur, of A. B. Segur Co., Oak Park, 111. The conference visited the time and motion study laboratory of the University at 4:30 p. m. yesterday afternoon.
T. R. Johnston Addresses Photography Meeting T. R. Johnston, director of the bureau of information addressed the Indiana Photography meeting last night in the Memorial Union Building. Johnston, speaking to 30 photographers from Crawfordsville, Greensburg and Indianapolis, talked about the University and its work.
Dan Rohyans WiU Head 1937-38 Student Senate
Debris Workers End Year’s Work At Dinner Forty sophomore, junior, and senior members of the Debris staff celebrated the completion of the year’s work at a banquet held in the College Inn of the Fowler Hotel last night. Each junior and senior member of the staff was presented with a copy of the 1937 Debris. Also present at the banquet were W. A. Bodden and Prof. J. H. McKee who enlivened the affair with short after-dinner speeches.
Purdue Corps Gets Highest Possible Rating 17 Times Out Of 18 Chances
By Carl Sadler ’“In recognition of outstanding Reserve Officers’ Military Training Purdue University is awarded the rating of ‘Distinguished College’.” Smiles of satisfaction wreathed the faces of 900 students when this announcement was read, for it meant that their heavy army shoes, cloth wrap leggings, high “choke” collar coats, web belts and garrison caps had met the approval of the Army inspectors, and they had achieved the highest obtainable ranking of R. O. T. C. War Time The year was 1917, and the war clouds were in the ajr taking with them all thoughts of ratings until the spring of 1920 when the Purdue Corps again took up its victory parade to the tune of its second consecutive ‘Dis|;inguished’ rating. Not to be outdone each succeeding crop of students add6d their bit so that by 1926 the impressive record of
Ross To Talk At PIA Dinner David E. Ross, chairman of the Board of Trustees of the University, will speak on the subject, “Living With People,” at the annual P. I. A. installation banquet tonight at 5:45 p. m. in the Home Economics Building. Herman I. Hersh, outgoing president of the P. I. A., will act as toastmaster. New officers to be installed are: Robert Schlundt, president; Mary Wien, co-ed executive; Roger Clymer, vice-president; Martha Whitehead, secretary; Stanley Wright, treasurer; Don Wells, men’s activity chairman; Emily Jane Meyer, women’s activity chairman; Ralph Maby, independent counsel; Nelson Parkhurst, men’s social chairman; Barbara Sweeney, women’s social chairman; and David Meacham, as publicity chairman. Keys will be presented to the P. I. A. members who have been active throughout the year. Entertainment Entertainment for the occasion will be furnished by the P. I. A. orchestra under the baton of Thomas Frame and a dancing chorus under the direction of Barbara Gibbs. The decorations will be in yellow and blue and will be arranged under the supervision of Barbara Sweeney, Regina Kelly, Mary Wien, and Barbara Gibbs. Tickets for the banquet may be purchased at 50 cents each from any of the old or new board members.
Dan Rohyans,' junior" science student, was elected 1937-38 president of the Student Senate over Dick Craig, junior representative from the mechanical engineering school, at a session of that organiaation in room C of the Memorial Union Building last night. Only two members of the Senate were absent from the largest meeting of the year. The remaining candidates for the Senate offices were unopposed, so no ballot was necessary. H. E. Montfort, E. E. ’38, is the new vicepresident; J. D. Bowman, Ch. E. ’38, the incoming treasurer; and Elizabeth Ann Stewart, H. E. ’38, the new secretary. Glen Martin, retiring president, gave up his chair to Rohyans immediately after the election of the new president. The other outgoing officers are Don Farquharson, vice-president; Jim Townsend, treasurer; and Jean Adkins, secretary.
six distinguished ratings out 6f seven, marred only by a mere “satisfactory” ranking in 1923, had been piled up. In ’26 came the climax, however, with Purdue being adjudged first among all the R. O. T. C. units in the gigantic Second Army area, embracing 15 states east of the Mississippi river and south to the Gulf. Change of Ratings 1928 saw a change of rating systems with a direct report being substituted for the old “Gold Star” scale. This bothered the Purdue students not at all, for it made no difference to them what name they were given so long as it was tops, and they promptly came through with an Excellent, the new highest rating, a rating that they have clung to ever since. On top of the heap for the last 13 times, and a total of 17 tops out .of 18 is the record of the Purdue Corps.
Epsilon Sigma Phi To Publish History Of Rural Indiana Epsilon Sigma Phi, honorary extension fraternity, has undertaken the publication of “A History Of Indiana Agriculture,” written by the late Prof. W. C. Latta, who died in December, 1936 after serving for more than 50 years as professor of agriculture at the University. Professor Latta devoted much of the last 12 years of his life gathering material for this book. The publication will be illustrated with a large number of photographs giving a pictorial resume of the development of the state’s basic industry. Publication depends upon the number of orders received. The total cost must be covered by these orders. Prof. W. Q. Pitch, in charge of farmers’ institutes on the campus and secr^ry of the University chapter of the fraternity, is receiving orders for the book. At least 1,000 must be sold to defray the expense.
Tampa U. Professor Urges Love Experience Tampa, Fla.—(AGP)—“FaU "in love early and often,” is the advice Prof. C. A. Morley, an unmarried professor of psychology at the University of Tampa, gave his co-edu-cational class. “Don’t worry about bust-ups,” he said. “They’re good training for later married life. “Young people should welcome a lover’s quarrel. There should bo no remorse, because quarrels are necessary to get experience for a successful marriage later. The more experience one has in love, the less likely he is to be burned."
William A. White To Attend Campus Literary Banquet William Allen White, renowned journalist and author, will speak at the All University Literary Banquet to be held Saturday, May 22 in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building in connection with the awarding of the trophies and cash prizes to the winning entries in the All University Literary Contest. I'rophies to be awarded include: the David E. Ross Cup, for the best poem; the Horace G. Reisner Cup, for the best short story; and the George Ade Cup for the best sholrt play. The cash awards include: the Hockema-Stewart prizes of $15 and $10, for the first and second best historical essays on Tippecanoe
All manuscripts to be entered in the All University Literary Contest must be turned in by noon Saturday, May 15, in order that they may be considered for the awards.
Country or Indiana; the Dean Enders prizes of $10 and $5, for the first and second best scientific essays; and the English department award of $10 for the best familiar essay. According to a statement made last night, there has been a pretty good number of manuscripts turned in thus far, and atW glance they seem to be of good quality. The greatest number of the essays thus far entered seem to fall into the essay and short story class. Tickets Going Fast Tickets for the banquet featuring William Allen White are going rapidly, and those interested in hearing this well known journalist and in viewing the awarding of the prizes are urged to obtain their tickets in the near future. They are on sale at Deac’s, Southworth’s, Decker’s, the Union desk, and in the office of the department of English, at 75 cents each.
Purdue Students Car Smashed While Parked Marcus Douglas, CCC worker, was given a 41-day jail sentence as a result of not being able to pay his fine after an automobile he was driving crashed into the car of Ward Stallings, a jmaior in the school of mechanical engineering here at the University. Stallings’ car at the time was parked on the North River Road near Main street.
D. W. LaHue WiU Speak On Moth Control D. W. LaHue, a 1985 graduate of the school of agriculture, will give a short informal speech on ‘^Moth Proofing Fabrics And Clothing** tomorrow evening in AgricuHuxe Hall. LaHue specialized in entomology here and has investigated the problem of clothes moth centred very extensively.
i'r
N/ u) w€yy-
'1'
' '' '
if
f!>ge Tiwt. *MttSSSSSS8Sfll8SII
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, May 1^/1957
$urbne exponent
Founded in 188S
MORKOUIITUD rO» HATIOHAU AOVUHTIOIN* UT National Advertising Service, Inc Collef# PMishtn RtpmenUtttv* 420 MADISON AvE. New York, N. Y. chicaoo • Boston - San Francisco LOS ANOBUCO - PORTLAND - BBATTLB
^eociated gbttogtato
VnfjiTiMi u iM-fnnd -I— matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indtena. Delivered
carrier. sS^SO per year; sold by a aingle C0By,2.cen^
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
BmlneBS Phone 5088
OFPICB-S12 North Fifth Street
Eiditor-in-Chief Mana^ng Editor Associate Editors
EDITORIAL STAFF n. • R. F. Manion . . J- El Brock K X Ba^ey, S'hroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance
BUSINESS STAFF
Business (Manager Assistant Business Manager National Advertising ManagerLocal Advertising Manager Circulation Manager.
D. C. Miller J. P. Girard .W. J. Gillilan R. R. Hensler M. C. Reeves
Editor. - Associate EMitors
SPORTS STAFF „ „ . R. F. Obenchain X S.'BrownT R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer
Editor ; Associate Editors
WOMEN’S STAFF o 1 _ Elizabeth Pyke ...!!!”!."-.~'"'''Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin, Sally McKee
Issue Editor—G. J. Tafel
Introspection
Today, as a new staff assumes control of the Exponent, we pause briefly from commenting on the news to turn our attention to the paper itself and to its personnel. We juniors, especially, are going to miss the professional associations with Russ Hulse, Hugh Morris, Leonard Wood, Helen Creech, and Betty Barnett, retiring officers. We are going to find it hard to fill their shoes. We say professional associations because friendships founded on years of working in a_ common interest are not discontinued merely by a succession of officers in student
activities.
These sentiments also go for our co-workers who were eliminated in the annual elections of the organization. We regret that we cannot continue to work with them, but we will continue to enjoy their friendships. The entire incoming staff appreciates the confidence that has been placed in it. Each of us feels a deep sense of responsibility to the paper and to the students and administration of the University. We will put out our best efforts during the coming year. Despite the fact that the Exponent is one of the very few, if not the only, major daily college newspaper that operates without the facilities of a school of journalism, the paper issued by the outgoing seniors was given a first class honor rating by the Associated Collegiate Press in its national critical service. Only four college dailies were rated above it. Considerable credit for the Exponent’s record during the past year goes to Bill Hunt, former editor, under whose leadership the copies of the paper receiving the ACP rating were issued.—^R. Paul Manion, 1937-38 Editor.
BILL LANE Michigan First Baseman
Sigmi
CO-EDITORIALS
Mothers’ Day Success
a Delta Chi
Pledges Five
Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic society, announces the pledging of the following as associates: A. M. Smith, of Crawfordsville, publisher of the Journal-Review, and Frank Thompson, Bluifton, one of the publishers of the News-Banner. Thompson was floor leader of the Indiana state house of representatives for the last two years. The pledging of the following as actives was also made: R. N. Gilbert, managing editor of the Purdue Engineer, R. F. Obenchain, recently elected sports editor of the Exponent, and D. M. Meacham, editor of the Purdue Independent.
'•Dirtless Farming,’ Now Called ‘Hydroponics,’ Grows Fruits, Flowers
At last this campus has produced an entertaining performance for Mother’s Day. Spectators who witnessed “An Old English Pageant” Saturday afternoon will testify to its success. However, we women are glad to admit that the program was gay and lively because the men cooperated. For the first time the men had an actual part in the performance. Forceful activity.was added by male acrobats, while the strolling players were especially humorous in their imitation of Antony and Cleopatra. The colorful garb and suitable musical selections of the concert choir completed the sketch of the foreign folk of the sixteenth century. This annual event was probably continued this spring, in spite of previous failures, to permit the selection of a May queen and her court. Let one success lead to another (we hope), and “long live the May Queen.”—E. C. P.
K. E. O’Ned Recovering From Spinal Operation
Condition of K. E. O’Neil, sophomore in the mechanical engineering school, was reported to be satisfactory last night following an operation performed yesterday morning in the Home Hospital. O’Neil will be allowed visitors by Friday. He was operated on for a spinal injury received while playing high school football.
YWCA Advisory Board To Entertain Cabinet
Old and new members of the Y. W. C. A. cabinet will be entertained by the advisory board at 6:30 o’clock tomorrow, at the home of Dean Dorothy C. Stratton, 1007 Ravinia Road. Dinner will be served on the lawn. Before the dinner there will be a meeting of the cabinet at 6 o’clock at Pat Heine’s, 816 N. Grant street.
McReynolds Leaves For Recreation Meeting F. L. McReynolds of the agricultural extension staff left yesterday for Atlantic City, N. J., to attend the annual meeting of the National Recreation Association. McReynolds, who is assistant state 4rH club leader, will preside over the group for recreation in rural churches and communities.
Prof. Hall To Speak In Defense Fascism
Prof. F. R. Hall was awarded a medal for bravery in the world war. Tonight he will attempt to prove himself worthy of that medal by upholding and trying to prove the case of Fascism before a hostile audience of students. The occasion for the’verbal battle is a meeting of the Purdue Student Alliance, faculty members, and other students, to be held tonight at 7:30 in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building. Professor Hall, of the history, economics and governnrent department, who is definitely opposed to Fascism will support it tonight in order that the students may hear the arguments for that form of government.
KEYS K*ra for tranlw, 4oof lodu, dicok loeko, niarht loteliM and padlocks. Ante kegra and bandla locka a apaeialtjr. F. Jos. Mulhaupt & Son Fkana 2828 Lafarotta, Ind.
Go Where Everybody Goes THE MANHATTAN for Big 5c Spanish Hamburgers and Real Chili
Berkeley, Calif.—(ACP) —“Dirtless farming,” a system of raising flowers, vegetables and fruits in tanks of warm, fertilized water, has been formally christened “hydroponics” by its originator. Prof. W. F. Gericke of the University of California. Explaining “dirtless-farming” Prof. Gericke used the term “hydroponics.” Originally the California scientist planned to name the process “aquiculture,” making it consistent with agriculture, but “aquiculture” had already been used to designate the economic utilization of natural waterbodies. Upon the suggestion of a faculty colleague, Prof. William A. Setchell of the botany department. Prof. Gericke adopted the new name. “Hydro” in Greek means water and “ponies” is Greek for labor. A combination of the two means “waterlabor.”
FRATERNITY TENNIS DOUBLES
VICTOR HEVLIGER Michigan Outfielder
AChS To Sponsor Talks And Dinner
Dr. L. F. Audrieth, professor of chemistry at the University of Illinois, and Dr. S. Glasstone, lecturer in chemistry at the University of Sheffield at .Sheffield, England, will be the speakers at a joint meeting of the Purdue and Indiana University section of the American Society, to be held in room 106 of the Chemistry Building Saturday. Dr. Audrieth will start the meeting at 2:30 Saturday afternoon by giving a talk on “Onium Salts As Acids.” Dr. Glasstone will then deliver a dissertation on “OxidationReduction Potentials In Theory And Practice” at 4 p. m. A dinner will be given in the Memorial Union Building at 6 p. m. Dr. F. C. Allen, of the University chemistry department, who is in charge of the dinner, urges that all members of both sections and their friends attend the meeting and dinner. Reservations must be in by Friday at 6 p. m. The dinner will cost 76 cents per plate.
TODAY—4:15 Beta Theta Pi vs. Tau ICappa Epsilon or Sigma Alpha Epsilon Winner (Alpha Chi Rho vs. Tau Epsilon Phi) vs. Winner (Acacia vs. Theta Xi.) Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Winner (Phi Kappa vs. Phi Kappa Sigma) Theta Chi vs. Winner (Phi Pi Phi vs. Delta Upsilon). Alpha Tau Omega vs. Winner (Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Kappa Sigma).
patronize the EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
ARC
-LAST DAY-
Fred MacMurray in “Texas Rangers”
Warner Oland in “Charlie Chan at the Race Track”
Color Cartoon
with JOHN BARRYMORE And Brilliant Cast —EXTRA—
News Pictures of the Hindenburg Disaster
Mickey Mouse
Pete Smith
THURSDAY ONLY Boris Karloff in “Night Key”
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
“It’s a letter from that livery stable that burned last weekI think we were out when they called.”
New Electric Signal To Mark ISth Street Corner
Flashing on and off 60 times a minute, 24 hours a day, a new electric warning signal, now being put up on Fifteenth street about 80 feet north of Ball street in Lafayette, will warn motorists of the dangerous corner there. Work was started Monday* on the erection of the signal. It is a WPA project being carried on by a crew under the direction of Carl Bauer, Lafayette city electrician. Numerous accidents have occurred at the corner heretofore.
Select Dr. H. B. Hass To Address Symposium
Dr. H. B. Hass, head of the department of chemistry, has recently been notified of his selection as one of the chemists who will address the Organic Symposium to be held
News Pictures of the Hindenbergr Disaster
TOMORROW — FRI. — SAT. Laurel and Hardy
“Way Out West” ' —and— “Tundra’’ (Saga of the Arctic Wasteland)
CARBURETOR YELLO-BOLE
New way of burning tobacco better, cooler, cleaner. Car-buretor-Action cools smoke. Keeps bottom of bowl abaoiutely dry. Caked with honey. At dealers’ now.
UPDRAFT
LATEST DISCOVERY IN PIPES
k
We Carry a Complete Assortment of
YELLO BOLE PIPES
H. 0. (Dea<) REISHER
at Richmond, Va., next December. The speakers for this convention were chosen by a nation-wide ballot of the organic chemists of American Chemical Society. Dr. Hass is to discuss some phases of the research which he and his associates have been conducting at the University.
-MMILY-
LAST DAY DOUBLE FEATURE
Merle Oberon in “Beloved Enemy” —and— Gloria Stuart in “Girl Overboard”
TOMORROW — FRI. — SAT. Buck Jones
“Left Handed Law” —and— Hugh Herbert
“That Man’s Here Again’
NEW
a
NOW SHOWING' fv , ^ ^ ‘ ‘ ’ Wednesday, May 12,1981*
- it, (i'i
,' \ j , > ^ ’
THE PtJRDUB EXPONENT
' 1 !■ -/¥
Boilermaker Nine Downs Louisiana
1
Errors And Walks Pave Way For Purdue Victory
By J. S. Brown The Boilermaker nine made it two in a iow over Louisiana Tech yesterday, as they came through on the high end of a 11-6 score. With Heiss and Bredewater on the mound for Purdue, the home squad was out in front during the whole game except in the seventh, when the Bulldogs tied the score at six all. The home squad took the lead early in the game, scoring four runs in the first on three walks and a hit, and another run in the second. In the third, He^ss, who was on the mound for Purdue, had a little trouble. He walked three in a row and had the coimt three balls on the next man, when Arnold Bredewater came in to relieve him. Louisiana got two runs out of that inning. From then on Arnold had the situation well in hand, striking out eight men, and allowing only four hits. Hinton, the Tech pitcher, fanned five and gave up six hits. Purdue’s six hits only partially accounted for their 11 runs. Seven walks explained the rest of the tallies. The game was rather slow and too well sprinkled with errors. The home squad was lucky in that their eight errors didn’t let in more runs than they did. The Techmen made five errors from which four mms were collected. Purdue A.B R H E Malysiak, cf 3 2 2 0 Thompson, ss . .. 1 0 0 0 Lucas, ss 3 10 2 Armon, rf 3 1 0 0 Breslin, 3b 3 2 1 2 Dean, lb 3 110 Poulos, If 3 0 10 Lyboult, 2b ... 3 2 0 2 Malaska, c 3 10 2
General Machine & Boiler Work Welding and Grey Iron Castings
McGrath
Machine & Foundry South Third Street
PE Honorary To Stage Field Day Saturday
Athletic competion in the events run off to gain membership in Sigma Delta Psi, national sports honorary, will come to a focus this Saturday aftei^noon as the organization stages a mass field day in which anyone on the campus can enter. Not merely a local feature, 60 other Universities throughout the country are running off like events; the final results all to be compiled together and the names of the winners of the events sent to each individual school competing. Such winners will receive suitable awards. An athlete has to pass four of the required events to have his records count in the national compilation. All members of the tra(^ team can also use times established in track meets from May 1 to May
15 as their entries.
Bredewater, p .. 2 lieiss, p 1
Totals 28 11 6 8 Louisiana AB R H E Caston, cf 3 10 0 Heinett, c 3 2 0 0 Burt, 2b ..4 0 0 0 Adkins, ss 2 10 2 Jefcoat, rf 3 0 0 0 Gresham, 3b 4 0 0 2 Carrol, If . . 4 1 0 0 Harris, lb 3 12 0 Hinton, p 3 0 0 0 I Hickman 10 1 0 II Williamson ..0 0 0 0 III Lewis 10 0 0 I I Stinnett 1 0 0 0
Totals ... .32 6 3 Batted for Caston in 8th. Ran for Hickman in 8th.
Batted for Heinett in 8th.
Batted for Hinton in 8th.
HI, SPORT!
ALL YOU LACK IS A SPORT SHIRT - -
And You Can Get That from DEWENTER’S.
Long or short sleeves in any style by PhillipsJones, Mack, Cooper, B. y. D., and Wilson, priced at
*100
DEWENTER’S
416 MAIN ST.
LAFAYETTE
Repeat Fraternity Broad Jump, 220 Yard Dash May 17
The curse of machinery reared its ugly head last Wednesday in the fraternity track meet, and as a result, two of the events are going to be re-run Monday, May 17, at the request of the participating fraternities. Machinery in the form of the stop watcl\ was the cause of half the trouble. It was discovered that the time clocked for the winner of the 220 yard dash was slower than that for the man in second place. Also in the broad jump, it was claimed that someone knocked over the stick marking the end of a leap before the official could measure the distance, so it will also be held again. All men who entered events last Wednesday are eligible for these competitions and those who were top ranking are especially requested to be present.
Indiana Leads Big Ten Raee
Indiana . Illinois Wisconsin Northwestern . . Michigan Ohio State Minnesota .... Iowa Chicago Purdue
. 3 .. 4 . . 3 ...3 .. 3 ..3 .. 2 3 .. 2 .. 1
1.000 .800 .750 .600 .500 .500 .500 .375 .250 .200
To date Purdue’s baseball team is running last in the Big Ten Conference race with one victory as against four losses, while Indiana is leading the pack with three straight wins. The Boilermakers were given an early setback when they dropped the two Gala Week encounters to the Hoosiers and followed with another loss to Illinois last.Wednesday, but have shown recent signs of improving form with the split in the double header with Chicago and two consecutive wins over Louisiana Tech. Indiana whipped last year’s title holders, Michigan, last Friday for victory number three. Michigan dropped another to the Illini last Saturday to put them in a bad position to repeat their championship. Undefeated in its first starts Wisconsin split a twin bill with Iowa, losing Friday’s game 6-1, and then copping the Saturday game, 6-4, to hold third place with three victories and one loss. Northwestern’s three victories and two defeats put them in fourth place, with the 1936 champion Wolverines hanging on in a tie for fifth with Ohio State and Minnesota, all with a .500 percentage.
HAS EVERYTHING
for a
COLLEGE EDUCATION H. 6. REISNER
STANDINGS
—National League—
Won Lost
Pet.
Pittsburgh....
13 3
.813
St. Louis
10 7
.688
New York
. 10 7
.688
Brooklyn
9 10
.474
Chicago
8 10
.444
Philadelphia
8 10
.444
Boston
7 11
.389
Cincinnati ...
6 10
.376
Yesterday’s Results
Pittsburgh, 3; Boston, 0.
Brooklyn, 9; St. Louis, 7.
New York,
10; Chicago, 1.
Cincinnati,
13; Philadelphia,
3.
—American League—
Won Lost
Pet.
Philadelphia
10 6
.667
Cleveland ...
9 6
.600
Boston
8 6
.671
Detroit
9 8
.529
New York ...
9 8
.629
St. Louis
6 9
.400
Chicago
6 10
.376
Washington.
6 11
.363
Yesterday’s Results
Chicago, 7; New York, 2.
Philadelphia, 4; Detroit, 1.
Boston, 11
; Cleveland, 4.
St. Louis,
7; Washington,
6,
DEAC”
' Well, there’s been a new deal . . . the old staff members have passed on and the new have been rung in . . . even Fielder’s Choice is under new hands ... we wish to thank and compliment Bob Walpole for making the Exponent’s first sports column a huge success . . . —^fc— For the present, the column will not be assigned to a coliimnist but will be written by various members of the staff who will sign their initials at the end of the column ... the column will also serve as an editorial column for the sports page . . . here both praises and gripes will be sung . . . —^fc— The Louisiana Tech ball players are having quite a time “up here in this cold weather” . . . Monday the southern visitors had eight errors chalked against them to five for the Boilermakers . . . bM last night the local squad put it over on the southerners and collected eight misplays and the Tech nine was held to five . . . —^fc—■ The temperature in Louisiana is about 90 . . . all the visitors are about ten shades darker than the local squad . . . the chilly wind was hard on the Tech pitcher, Hinton ... he beat the Boilermakers twice in the South . . . yesterday, he is sued seven passes and was beaten 11 to 6 . . . —R. F. O.
Wards Compete In Annual Track Meet This Afternoon
The annual Ward track meet will be run off this afternoon starting at 4:10 in the Ross-Ade Stadium. Opening events will he the broad jump, high jump, pole vault, and 100 yard dash, with the shot put, discus, javelin, one mile run, 220 yard dash, 120 yard high hurdles, 440 yard dash, two mile run, 220 yard low hurdles, and half mile run following. To Award Trophy A trophy will be awarded to the individual high point man and
/. U. Trackmen Cop 14 Prize Clocks At Penn Relays
By J. S. Brown Indiana’s trackmen go in for jewelry in a big way, it seems. ITiey went to the Penn Relays a week ago Saturday, ran around a bit, and came home with 14 gold watches, three silver loving cups, three large bronze plaques, and four silver medals. The distance me’dley team, composed of Sam Miller, Mel Trutt, James Smith, and Don Lash, started the ball rolling by breaking the four-year-old record for that event. This brought in four watches, a 2 and 1-2 foot bronze plaque, and a cup. Tommy Decakard then copped a watch by winning the steeplechase. Next, the four-mile relay netted four more timepieces, and another plaque. Mel Trutt, James Smith, Tommy Deckard, and Don Lash set a new world’s record for this event of 17 minutes and 16.1 seconds. Lash Beats Yenzke Don Lash, with two watches to his credit, then defeated Luigi Venzke, 1932 Olympic champion from Italy, and Gene Venzke in a special invitational mile race. The last batch of clocks was captured by the half-mile relay team, consisting of Malcolm Hicks, Ken Gunning, Fred Elliott, and Bob Collier. Eastern track fans, who were still talking about the 1934 Crimson squad which took home 13 gold watches, three cups and three plaques from the Penn Relays, have now something new to talk about.
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS
TODAY—4:15
Lucek vs. Clevett. Snyder vs. Moses. DuVal vs. Blessing. Taylor vs. Ulrich. Wilks vs. Fields.
medals to the members of the winning team and all men making five points or more. The counting in the meet will be on the basis of the first four finishers, five points going to the winner, three for second place two for third, and one for fourth.
Greek Horseshoe Tournament Starts
The inter-fratemity horseshoe doubles tournament will start today at 4:15 on the courts east of the Armory, with two matches being scheduled for eadi team. Later this week another set of matches will be played and the eight finalists that are picked from this group will play the tournament out next week.
NOTICE SPORTS STAFF
All members of the Exponent sports staff will meet at 9 p. m. May 13, 1937 at the Sigma Chi .House. —Obenchain.
To A Young Man’s Taste ... by Wilson
Be Happy — (Jo Skipper . . . play or lounge at ease in
Skipper Sportwear
These are the right new styles— Gaucho, bib-front—crew neck— stripes or plaids. In every well liked color.
$1.00
BALTIMORE CLOTHES SHOP LAFAYETTE
MARKS
the
SPOT
Where your advertisement should have been this week} but we ore using the spot to tell you that wideawake advertisers con get the best results in West Lafayette through the paper that every Purdue student emd faculty member reads dally—
THE Purdue Exponent
f '¥\.d/
THE PURSUE ^itPONEkr
Wednesday, May 12,19^37
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines C. F. Ebershoif, 605 Main street. Phone 2779.
For Sale— 1932 Plymouth Coupe in excellent condition. Will sacrifice for $250. Call Buckles, 5779.
Lost—Sigma Nu pin initialed C. J. T. Return to Ruth Grimm, Chi Omega. Reward.
NOTICES No Notices Accepted After 8 p. m.
Men’s Archery—Every afternoon at 4 p. m. on the range at the south end of the Intramural Field. Equipment will be supplied. —KINZER.
Alpha Lambda Delta—Initiation will be postponed until May 16. —PITTMAN. English 121 Students—Sections A and B meet in room 201 of the Education Building, 8 a. m. for Wednesday and Friday classes. —SCHICK.
Glider Club—Airport dance tickets or the money are due May 12. —WILTSHIRE.
Purdue Student Alliance—Meeting May 12, at 7 :30 p. m. in the reception room of the Union Building. Prof F. R. Hall will speak on Fascism. The public is invited to attend. —BUCKLES.
Alpha Phi Omega—All members and pledges must be present at a special meeting May 12 in room F of the Union Building at 7 :30 p. m. Bring money for Spring Spree tickets sold. —MERRIAM.
Men’ Glee Club—Important meeting May 12, at 4 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Election of officers. —COMPTON.
Best Soldier Contestants—All freshmen and sophomores in the Scabbard and Blade best (Soldier contest report to Armory in uniform May 15 at 1:30 o’clock. —HOPPER.
Independent StalT-^Meeting from 4 to 5:30 p. m. May 12 . —MEACHAM.
Industrial Education Students—Call at my office and make out schedules for next semester. -HOFFMAN.
W. A. A. Golf—‘The following matches are to be played by May 16: Elstun vs. Guthrie, Little vs. Moorhead, Jones vs. Hall, Lyman vs. Baxter, Richards vs. Humphreys, Hiner vs. Callison, Randall vs. Hanley. Winter rules are to be observed. Play is to be match play. Turn score in to the W. A. A. office. —WILEY.
W. S. G. A.—Meeting of the new executive board May 12 at 7 :16 p. m. in the W. S. G. A. office. —STEWART.
Y. W. C. A. Cabinet—Meeting at 6 p. m May 13 at Pat Heine’es home, 816 North Grant street —BRYANT.
Glider Club—Important meeting in the Union Building May 12 at 7:16 p. m. All those who have not turned in their money or their tickets be sure to do so. All members should be present. —WILTSHIRE.
Independent Band—^Meet at Home Economics Building at 6:30 p. m. May 12. —FRAME.
Play Shop—All bills and ticket money or unsold tickets for “Martine” must be turned in at the Playshop office May 12. —MILNE.
Cosmopolitan Club—Meeting May 14 at 7 :16 p. m. in room A of the Union Building. Officers for next year will be elected. Every member is expected to be present. —FUTOOHEE.
Purdue Engineer—Meeting of freshmen and sophomores on editorial staff May 12 at 4 p. m. in Engineer office. —BAALS.
W. A. A. Orchesis Club—^Extremely important meeting 7 p. m. May 1?. —SULIOT.
WPA Federal Theatre Project Announces College Play Contest Announcement has been made by the WPA Federal Theater Project and its National College Advisory Committee, of a contest for aspiring college playwrights. There is no restriction on the theme but direct observation of contemporary American life will be preferred. It must be an original full length play, submitted before September 1, 1937. Any regularly enrolled student in an American college is eligible to compete. The WPA Federal Theatre guarantees to produce the prize-winning play for at least one week, and if attendance warrants, the run will be extended. The wiinning playwright will receive the usual WPA Federal Theatre rental fee of $50 a week. Judges will be two representatives from the National College Advisory Committee, Hallie Flanagan, Hiram Motherwell, and also Francis Bosworth from the WPA Federal Theatre Project. Rules governing the contest and other additional information may be obtained from Education Section, WPA Federal Theatre, 122 East 42 street, New York City.
W. A. A. Baseball—Championship game between WRH and Ward 2, today at 4 . —TOWNSEND. W. A? A. Baseball—Class practices for baseball begin May 14 at 4 p. m. —TOWNSEND.
Scabbard and Blade—All those desiring to shoot in the slow fire pistol match report to the Armory at 4 :46 May 12. —BAKER.
P. I. A.—Will the following persons report to the P. I. A. office May 11 between 4 and 6 o’clock for instructions about the banquet on May 12: R. Jenkins, W. McElyea, H. Butcher, H. Kratz, E. J. Myer, J. Singer, R. Maby, W. Briscoe, B. Wells, R. Heine, W. Feldman, Margaret Jenkins, Sylvia Zussin, E. Hackney, T. Frame, P. Radkey, Overcash, A. Radkey, H. Clevenger, W. Clevenger. —SCHLUNDT.
STUDENT UNION—Will my committee please meet in the Union office at 4 p. m. May 11. —PUTZE
Student Union—Will our committees please meet in the Union workshop at 4 p. m. May 11. —REITH, SHEETS, STALLINGS, PFORZHEIMER, WEIGANDT.
Playshop—Tickets for the Stage and Stump Banquet May 20 may be obtain^ at the Playshop office at 4 p. m. Mav 11. —GLOVER.
Flying Club—All ticket money must be turned in by May 12. —CONWAY.
Flying Club—Meeting May 12 at 7 p. m. in room D. of the Memorial Union Building. —CONWAY.
The Risk Dental Clinic DK. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK OR. ROBERT G. RIBK DR. LUTHStt A. RIBK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
Doctor Claims Lash’s Lungs More Efficient Than Any Other Man Cambridge, Mass.— (ACP) — Lungs with efficiency greater than those of any man ever tested belong to Don Lash, Indiana University’s sensational two-mile runner This claim was made by Dr. D. B. Dill of the Harvard University fatigue laboratory at the annual meeting of the American Association of Physical Anthropologists. In tests. Dr. Dill found that, while running, the Indiana star has an oxygen intake 50 per cent greater than the average man and nearly that much more than four other outstanding American milers—Cunningham, Venzke, San Romani and Fenske. While running at his two-mile pace. Lash is capable of taking in three liters of oxygen a minute.
Alpha Phi Omega To Stage First Spring Spree At Ross Camp Postponed since April 24, the first annual Spring Spree, faculty-stu-dent get-together and outing, will be held Saturday afternoon at Ross Camp. The event will be sponsored by Alpha Phi Omega national scouting honorary. The program of the afternoon includes all of the events previously scheduled, with the addition of several new items. Baseball, horseshoes, three-legged races, relays, a tug of war, and a treasure hunt will be among the features of the aft ernoon’s entertainment. Tickets, priced at 50 cents each, may be obtained from Alpha Phi Omega members or from the Memorial Union Building desk. A bus will leave the Union Building at 1:30 for the benefit of those who have no other means of transportation. Initiation of Alpha Phi Omega pledges will take place at the camp after the picnic is over.
"DEAC” (HAS EVERYTHING for R COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
EARN REAL MONEY THIS SUMMER Easy - Pleasant - Certain FULL-TIME or SPARE-TIME NO INVESTMENT
Write Today For Details (please include your home address) D. R, GOURLEY, President AUSTIN LIME CORPORATION 68 South Water Market, Chicago, 111.
Rochester Junior May Cut Classes At Any Time Rochester, N. Y.—(ACP)—When lectures proved too dry to satisfy his thirst for knowledge, Seth Shaver, a junior at the University of Rochester, decided to do something unconventional. Because he figured he could learn much more by doing private research and reading. Shaver asked for an unlimited “cut” permission. Two professors, taking into account his high grades, excused him from all lectures. For more than a month, he has attended classes only to take regular examinations of the courses and has passed them all with plenty to spare.
Hemmer Talks To Ceres One hundred people attended the final open Ceres meeting of the year last night in Agriculture Hall. Senator Floyd Hemmer, the main speaker, stressed the importance of young college graduates as agricultural leaders. A quartette of agricultural students and F. C. Baase, xylophonist, furnished the entertainment.
MAKE TIME COUNT! Use Yellow Cabs for • QUICK • ECONOMICAL Service 5023-yellow cab 3071
SUBSCRIBE
rO THE PURDUE
EXPONENT
NOW I
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘^old the wire a minute, dear—I’m busy on another line!”
DR. A. M. IRION . DENTIST 119 Vi Vine West Lafayette Phone 4965
t CARTER for Mower Grinding and New/Pennsylvania Lawnmowers. .Bikes and Roller Skates for Rent Phone 2291 State ft Main Sts., W. L.
Sensationally Low Priced!
$3 Down $4 Month Plus Small Carrying Charge
Dash Controls For All Model Cars
Brand new 1937 auto radio styled to match perfectly the instrument panel of your car. And just note these modern features for perfect reception: 6-inch dynamic speaker, adjustable antenna compensator, automatic volume control, 1 hole mounting.
Emphasis in This Store is Always on ''Value"!
New 1937 Auto Radio 6 Tubes! You Save $10!
7 Tube DeLuxe Model Gives 10 Tube Performance
‘29?®
$3 Down $4 Month
35
95 $4 Down ■ $5 Month
Plus Small Carrying Charge Styled to fit and match perfectly the instrument panel of your 1935, 1936 or 1937 automobile. 8-inch dynamic speaker that gives clear, rich tone. Power! More than enough to overcome the drone of the motor at high speeds, and bring in stations from coast to coast. Eighttube performance, (2 double purpose tubes). No spark plug suppressors. Slow speed tuning.
Plus Small Carrying Charge
Last word in deluxe auto radios. Separate 8->inch drum-type dynamic speaker, rendering tone quality such as you have never heard before! Brings in stations from coast to coast. Ten-tube performance (3 double purpose tubes). Automatic bass compensation, a feature usually found only in quality home radios. Automatic volume control. No spark plug suppressors. Slow speed tuning. Two-tone, gray crackle finish case with chromium trim. Guaranteed by Sears. Come, see and hear it!
LaFayette, Ind
2 North 3rd St.
Phone 4039