\
if:
\
, ' 1 J i ' ■ ‘ " ’ .1 r i ‘ ■-, . ' - , ,' *■
jr — S* ^ -i if ^ (, ''^*^^‘'V *■ ’/M' 4
MERRY-GOHOUND Says Army Corrects Food Wastage
Established 1889
%/pj04iem 9 Never Sav Die!
COMMENTS ON , Professor's Unusual And Worldly Hobbies
Vdlume 56, No. 15
Purdue Uniyersify, West Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, June 2, 1943
Coeds Start Conscripting Eds For 'Draftees' Dance
Lord Halifax, British Envoy Will Speak Here On June 21
Wright Field Cadettes Forgotten By Campus
By Mary Odell
Truly the “forgotten women” on this campus are the Wright
Fielders. The^e 48 girls have special classes in the EE build- Lord Halifax, British ambassador to the United States, will speak at a convocation for stuing and Furdue Hall and are consistently being confused with (jents and townspeople Monday, June 21, at 2 in the afternoon according to an announcement
members of the RCA or Curtiss-Wright cadettes. made by the University last Saturday. - and their guests may dress very informally: sport shirts and Bi^t these young women are much m\jre fortunate, since they Lord Halifax had originally scheduled a visit to the campus for May 11, but due to the ar- cotton dresses will be as entirely correct as G. I. „ are actually attached to Uncle Sam’s military forces. Sent to rival of Prime Minister Winston Churchill he was recalled to Washington to attend meet- Judges, circulating in the crowd, will award merits for out-
Coed’s dates will not have to pass a physical or take a mental exam when they arrive at the Union North Ballroom “Reception Center” next Saturday, from 8:30 to 11:30, for the “Draftees Drag”. AWS, sponsoring this dance, stresses the spirit of the drag in the orders of the day saying that coeds
the University by the Signal Corps, attached to Wright Field, Ohio, they are technically termed under-engineering trainees. Many in the group have given up professional careers in order to become a Wright Fielder. Virginia Archer, a voice teacher, has seen her protege take second place in a national music contest. The campus will soon see her directing the girls in a glee club. Chella Young was honorably discharged from the WAVES and gave up her job in an ordnance plant to come to this campus. Red-headed Betty Heekin hears regularly from her husband in North Africa. All the girls were selected by the commanding officer of Wright Field or his representative who toured the states of Ohio, Indiana, Illinois and Ken-
tucky,
. AWOL really means something to thesa trainees, just the same as to a service man. Each girl is paid by the hour and five minutes late to a class means deduction of an hour’s pay. If a girl is too sick to attend classes, her messenger must notify the professor in person before 9 a. m. or a full day’s wage is deductible. Upon returning to class, the absentee must bring a signed medical excuse issued by a militaiy doctor or his repi esentative. Paid Standard Wage Wright Fielders are paid the standard wage for the first 40 hours of classfes each week and that makes Saturday classes overtime. They cheerfully attend classes even on Saturday afternoon because time and one-half wages aie considerable. But every once in a while one
Army Navy Completes Scoring Of A-i2, V-l2Tests;HighASrP Qualifiers Notified
April Examinatioins Given To 300,000 All the .300,000 papers of the pei--
sons who took the joint Army-Navy qualifying pre-induction tests for the army and navy specialized ti’aining progi'am have been scored and ‘congratulatory’ letters have been sent to those with the highest
marks.
Letters have also been mailed to men who will I’eceive special con-
sideration for the ASTP,
75,000, and an undetermined number of navy men have also been noti-
fied to report for training. Examinations In April
The examinations were given early in April, to men who have had a high school education or more than a high school education. About 200,000 of the men who took the test showed preference for the A-12 program, all the men who
ings with United States offi-
cials.
No plans have been announced for the convocation scheduled for June 21st as yet, but arrangements for the original visit called for the presence of sailors from the naval training school, ASTP students,.faculty members and townspeople as well as the regular student body. Halifax was to be accompanied by Col. Angus McDonnell, Consul Gen-
eral in Chicago.
Original plans also called for an inspection of the University’s war
Approximately 2600 people at- facilities by the ambasdatended the Memorial Day Services scientific re- —- held in conducted
'ibout Music Hall Sunday. The audi-
Students Honor Men, Women In Annual Memorial Exercises
Prof. Bovee's Special Science Women Do Widely Varied Work Upon Graduation I ~ _, j Guinea Pigs Receive
Tau Beta Pi Members Hear Potter Speak On Wartime Activities
standing'techniques in maneuvers on the dance floor. The best reviews of jitterbugging awarded tickets to the USO and smooth dancing will be (Sweet Shop), and door prizes will be awarded according to ticket
numbers.
Admission stubs are being sold kt the Women’s Residence Halls, aor-
UnuSual Training
By Katie Howes
Eight months have passed since “'"P J^o^^es and the we^ the first coed gi’aduated from the Union for $1.35. Idenspecial program at the University, cards for the men, given
Dean A. A. Potter, addressing a group of Tau Beta Pi actives and alumni at their 50th anniversary
Sir Edward Frederick Bindley
ence was made up of sailors, soldiers, students, faculty and towns-
people gathering to pay tribute to tt vp ■ pi, a i. those who have given their lives for Viscount Halifax, is the Ambassa-
banquet Saturday evening, declared
and by now, graduates of the C|burse are scattered widely over the country doing everything from graduate work to work in an airplane fac-
tory.
Organized over three years ago
that the University chapter of that
supervision of Prof.
Dorothy A. Bovee, the course was
Wood, KG, PC, GCSI, GCIE, the organization will continue ^eirac- designed to provide a liberal educa
. ,, . , tivities in spite of the difficulties
their country in World Ward I. Dr. Edward C. Elliott presided over the convocation and Lieut. F. T. Johnson, chaplain from Great Lakes Naval Training Station, was the speaker. As part of the services, a list of
.I'fi j -11 ’• 1 j 4 University men who had died in the qualified will receive cards to that a t
effect, and in the near future a booklet of fifty questions and answers will be sent to the qualifier to further explain their status. Although careful consideration will be given to the candidates choice of study program his aptitudes will determine his final assignment. Need 200,000 Men A Year According to Brigadier General Dalton, Assistant Chief of Staff for peisonnel, the army will need 200,000 qualified men a year to keep 150,000 men in the ASTP piogram.
(See MEMORIAL, page 4)
dor’s full name, according to Burke’s peerage. He was educated at Oxford, where he received a Master’s degree. He served in the Great War being mentioned in the dis-
patches.
Rose To Governor General of India He became Assistant Secretary (See HALIFAX, page 4)
arising from wartime conditions. Declaring that it is the duty of the educators and scholastic organizations to keep the schools in readiness for the return of their students at the close of hostilities, he called upon the Tau Beta Pi men to aid in pledging their organization to this cause. (See POTTER, page 4)
tion with particular emphasis on gaining a knowledge of the sciences by means of special courses taken
the first four semesters.
with tickets, will be used as pass-
outs for the dance.
Before a backdrop featuring Army and Navy emblems, Mafay Mahn will serve as top man of the swing batallion with Jane Gaunt, feminine auxiliary, as soloist, dorsages for the coed’s guests wiEl be sold during the evening also. Coeds are urged to drag their dates bn. time so they won’t be AWOL. This dance is planned to take the place of a summer “Gold Diggers
Take Subjects That Interest Them AWS’s financial aid for the
The last four semesters, the coeds in the course may take subjects in any school in the University depending on their interests. As a re-
orientation of freshman women in the fall. New girls are sent informative literature about the customs and layout of the University before
Gen. R. E. Porter Tells Own I Story Of African Campaign
By Brig. General Ray E. Porter
General Dalton also pointed out
of them goes AWOL, in oider to that many men who are prospective
have a long week end at home.
Even the professors give flattering comments to the girls. They report consistently perfect attendance and the class is always ready to begin promptly on the stroke of the hour. But aside from this the girls have not had a square deal from the elitire campus. Entertainment is consistently provided for the RCA and Curtiss-Wright cadettes but no invitations are sent to the Wright Fielders. The Cadette Engineering Society has not been opened to these girls. Not Members Of University Since they ahe under civil service, they are not members of the University and thus are denied all the benefits that students receive. They cannot receive passpoi ts and to date have no means of identification cards. 'Phis causes undue embar-
Editor’s Note: Brigadier General in Tunisia. The American and BriRay E. Porter, deputy chief of staif tish combat planes and crews,
students are not on the campus but of allied forces in charge of ad- flown in from distant bases and iniare rather to be found in the train- vanced command posts in the North tially with inadequate supplies and ing posts, reception centers, re- African campaign, was here for a having to operate from wheat fields placement posts, combat units, and few days’ visit with Mrs. Porter rendered inoperative by every rain, in service units all over the country, and thoir^ daughter, Peggy, a faced a difficult task. My admira-
junior in the Home Econorrrics tion for their splendid work is unSchool and a member of the Chi bounded. From the first they fought Omega sorority. A son, Ray Jr., like demons gone mad and as the who had just finished his junior material factors became more even.
The main problem is to find these men and assign them to ASTP
post.
vance; however, they still lacked the skill required to cut oif Rommel’s retreat from the Mareth Line. With Rommel’s army withdrawn to the Tunis beachhead. Major General' Omar Bradley assumed command of the American II Corps. In
the years to come our military . . .
1, , with the intentions of majoring iii schools will teach as an excellent , , ,
example of the handling of a corps in battle, the rapid movement of the
suit, special science students have they arrive and a counciling s-ws-appeared in courses ranging from t^ui of upperclass women is also
horticulture to aerodynamics and Pi'ovided for them,
many are now applying that knowl- ft'® dance will help finance other edge in industry. AWS activities, such as the vocaThe first graduate of the course, tional guidance program held last Mrs. A1 Croxall, the former Faith tli® marital lactures for uppe?Wayne, now has the impressive dS’Ssmen and the informal talks title of “Analytical Engineer in the S'''’®" tiy members of the faculty
Aerodynamics Section of the Ham- f''®m time to time,
ilton Standard Propeller Division of United Aircraft”. While in school. Faith concentrated on math, aeronautical engineering and drafting. In an entirely different field, Gail Hennis, former WAA president, has been selected as a summer athletic director for a camp maintained by Du Pont Co. for the children of its
employees.
Enters Law School
year at the University, left a few they rapidly gained superority and American II Corps from the Gafsa
Hoffman Addresses Ag Staff On Foreign Labor, “Faun labor is liko^othei things these days, we can’t have as much as we would like to have”, said Prof.
L. E. Hoffman addiessing members considered, the North Afiican cam- Army and strike a knockout blow ently had visualized no such even-
days before his father’s arrival for by the end the Axis Air Forces had
Officers’ Candidate School at Fort
Sills, Okla.
When the difficulties involved in the movement and supply of our troops over submaiine and bomber
been driven from the Tunisian air. Rommel’s attack in February came as no surprise. We had long calculated that the Axis’ only chance of ultimate success in Noith
infested seas and the lack of battle ,Afiica lay in Rommel’s ability to experience of our combat units are outdistance the Biitish Eighth
area to the north flank of the Allied Line and its perfect coordinated advance to Bizerte and the sea. On May 7 the American II Corps broke through to Bizerte and the British XIX Corps smashed through the Axis center and reached Tunis. The Axis high commanders appar-
Freshmen To Begin Intrasession Term High school graduates from in and out of state will begin studies at the University next Tuesday morning after the usual orientation
Beginning this week, Mathaeu- P'’o&i’um beginning Saturday Mrnice McCaffery will enter law school coi’ding to Dean of Men F. 1. Gold-
smith.
patent law. group will be composed of Another coed who will continue students recently graduated from with graduate work is Carolyn ^igh schools throughout^ the coonWood, who will specialize in psycho- were not able to enter the
of the Agricultuial staff yesterday
at their monthly luncheon. Foreign Labor In Indiana
Giving a description of the labor situotion at present, Hoffman de-
paign must be rated as a skillfully against the American and British conducted operation. units in Tunisia before General I landed with the Eastern Assault Montgomery could intervene. From Force in the vicinity of Algiers what I have seen of the American shortly before daylight November press reports, I feel that heie at
tuality and they had no plans, were in fact incapable of adopting plans, to meet these two break throughs. For several days small hostile units fought on heroically but their ef-
logy and speech. Shirley Johnson is also continuing her education, although in a different fashion, as she is now enrolled in the Curtiss-Wright program at Pennsylvania State Uni-
versity.
Two coeds who were particularly interested in accounting and statistics are now working in those fields
University at the beginning of the
semester.
President E. C. Elliott, Prof. Hoctema, Dean of Women Clara Coolidge and Dean of Men Goldsmith will officiate at the welcoming program Saturday mor^ng at 8 and the regular orientation teats will follow their addresses. Completion of registratiqn will
rassment^ince many of the .services clai'ed that approximately 1150 la- 1942. The elements of the French home you wei'e given a gloomier forts were entirely uncooi’dinated.
on and off the campus demand the showing of the Univeisity passports. 'fhey cannot live m WRII oi officially use the facilities of the Health Service. The Scicen Reviews are denied to them although most of them have bought coiivo tickets. The religious foundations have given them a hearty welcome, but they hope the next time PIA holds a cadette tea dance, they also make provisions for having the Wright
Fielders present.
Cancellations Students who desire to cancel courses without grade should do so before 5 p. m., 'I'uesday, June 8. CanceUation card.s may be obtained from the heads of departments. These cards should be signed by the head of the school and if possibly by the head of the department in which the subject is given. The cards should then be filed in the Registrar’s
Office.
F, I. GOI-DSMITH Dean of Men.
boicis from foieign coiinliios are working on Indiana fauns under
contract witli the United States honorable soldiers and sailors un
g'ovorninent, the gioup being composed of 750 Mexicans and 400 Jamaicans. Also a number of Italian prisoneis are expected to be
Army and Navy stationed about Al- picture of the February,situation Almost no attempts were made by
giers defended their land befitting than was actually wan anted.
During the Axis offensive we lost nothing of real importance except the all-weather landing field at Thelejite. Personally, I was at no
with Eastman Kodak Co. while Mary Boynton has a Civil Service job in the accounting division of the War Department in Chicago.
the enemy to escape from North Al- , . , , ••
Much ot the special training re-
war prisoneis are
used in regions aiound Camp Ailerbiiiy wlicie tliey aie stationed, and an ad^tlilional 3000 Mexicans will inciease the number of foreign woik-
ers.
Reporting on woik alieady ac^ complished Iloffniaii said that aiound 2000 men had been placed on farms by Stat'e County agents since January Jst and (17 emergency assistants to county agents have been appointed in that time. I’roblcms Of Extension Problems the Extension now faces, said Ilofi'man are the oxehange of labor between farms, the use of small farmers to help large producers on a wage basis, the placing of city high school boys and girls on farms, listing of city workers available for emergency duty on farms, and the use of migratory labor ill tlge slate.
til it was obvious that with their inadequate weapons and ammunition further resistance was useless, after two or three days of negotiations, the French joined in the fight against the Axis Aggressors. Their arms and equipment have been inadequate and obsolete but ha\^e fought biavely and skillfully. Their contribution to the victory in Tunisia was a very material one. Friendly r^elations have been established with the French, the race
time alarmed.
rica or to withdraw to the Cape Bon Peninsula. They died or surrendered where they weie caught on May 7. Approximately 230,000 Axis prisoners, including all of
Marjprie Bollman is a statistician follow on Monday and will include
physical examinations and registration for classes. The courses taken by the students will he similar in nature to those taken by dents in the intrasession last semester and will include the regular courses on a streamlined basis* -n Of the 200 entering Saturday a®proximately 97 per cent will be
ceivecl by these coeds and the amaz-
of their intei’csts has
been made possible though an in-
In this operation the majority of their prominent commanders exoiir troops saw action for their first cept Rommel, and vast quantities time and they were pitted against of supplies and equipment were capsome of the most famous veteran lured. Seventy-five percent of the divisions of the German Army, led prisoners are Germans, by the highly capable Field Mar- No great victory can be won shal Rommel in person. Of course without casualties and casualties we were not entirely satisfied with are one of the many tragedies of
war;
dared to hope for so great a victoiy as has been won in North Afi'ica at so small a cost in casualties as we
their performances at many points
foi' Tunis a*nd Bizerte began. The and our losses in material wei-e con-
Biiti.sh First Aimy, having to move siderable.
hundreds of miles ovei’ torturous Nothing perhaps surprised the
mountains I’oads, lost the race by a Axis leaders more than the rapid- have paid. Our losses have been sur-
very narrow margin to the Axis ity with which the American units prisingly low.
Forces brought in from Italy and were levitalized after Rommel’s de- The winter in North Africa has Sicily by air and sea. feat in the valleys west of Kasso- been mild. The health of our troops The Axis Air Forces based in rine-Pass. has been superior. At no time did nearby Italy and Sicily and possess- In the fighting about Gafsa—El we suffer from the lack of any es-
Guettar—Maknassy the American sential supplies. It is my opinion troops proved that they were learn- that in the final operations the ing fast. They repulsed every as- American II Corps were the best sault by the German Panzer units equipped and best supplied army
emphasized per.sonal guidance. Since only a limited number of coeds are admitted to the group, their selection is carefully based on recommendations, college aptitude tests, and personal interviews with Prof. Bovee. That many of them are outstanding is evidenced by tbe^fact
u '’Tj T that at one time the president of however, no one could have „
ing numerous all-weather fields in the vicinities of Bizeite, Tunis, and Kairouan constituted a material factor ill the successes initially
gained by the Axis Ground Forces and kept up a slow but steady ad- which ever took the field in any war.
dividually designed program which said Goldsmith, and they will
come from all over the country.
Graduate Bags Two German Transports
Lieutenant Joe D. Miles, *$8,
might well be considered the Hpiversity’s ace. To his growing bag of German planes he recently add^ two German transports cari^ing supplies to Marshal Rommel’s Af* lica Coips before he was wiped qiit.
Lt. Miles was flying a P38 laghf’*
ing Interceptor when he and J>is
group ran into t|ie format^|| 2%
ton transports. It was a motley ef minutes before it was all over and
Lt. Miles had two more planes
down to his credit. Later ia the dpy
his group escorted Mitchell
ers in an attack on another air CO|l«
voy.
AWS, WAA, YWCA, Gold Peppers, Wesley Foundation, and the Purdue Players weie all special science
students.
ROTC STUDENTS Effective Friday, June 4, 1913, the uniform for llOTC students will be cotton cap, cotton shirt, and cotton trousers. T'he necktie will not be worn on the campus and need not be worn‘while enroute between quarters and the
campus.(I" f
' -a 2
Purdue Exponent
Purdue Exponent
Offices: Editorial and Business Purdue Memorial Union, Phone 4005 ' Sl|»Wrte, Pieldhoose, Phone 2792 Editorial Phone After lO p. m., 5377 Benorai^ Editor William G Hosljmn Honorary Editor Dale E Butz Haoaaaay Baainaaa Manaaror Gorhard H< Kiourndti With the Lolora
yaitoe Bbiineei Manager Herre Editor Manafeine Editor AdrdrUainK Manager Rparta Edttor ^ed Editor > ^
Robert W Boswinkic James G PfeWy Saiiy Beall Donald E Brewer A Jane Keim Joseph S Dawson Jean Lauer
iR'
PubKeation Staff
Editorial Staff
%i^&e Editors. H B Abbett C C Marlindell E E Mur ’®hy, Wi H Tyson W L Vermilion C J Wilbur OSri Staff Ruth Ford Madelyn Grotnet, Katherine Howes Sports Staff B. M Lipes R J Smith C h Sewards { Business Staff .Aj^tant Advortising Manager C L Gaunt lafcKjjfector-J B Tabb 0^id^tlbn Manager R G Sauerman Accounts Manaaer: Mary Dilts
The Purdue Independent ^llor-te-Chlcf Squier
Staff For This issue
Issue Editor Stcffcs Sports E^tor Howes lif^ght Editor Grotnes Day Editor Ford Reporters Andre Garrett Donham SwerdlofT Baynes
Entered as second class matter at the post Dafay ette. Indiana under the act of Congiess of March 3, 18<a ana at the special rate of postage provided for in section ilOS. act of October 3 ISl" authorized January 20 1^2 Fubllshed on Tuesday Thursday and Saturday mornings dur sng the year except certain vaction pel lods Delivered loailly by carrier for $I 25 for a semester bv mail foi fl 60 tor a semester Subscriptions may be obtained at the Lxponent dffice or at the West Desk of the Union Represented for national advertising by National Advertis ing Seryiee Inc College Publishers Representatives 420 Madison Ave New York N Y
WASiH^TON \ GWNANgKAitrr
2000 Dead Japanese A Pleasant Picture \ With the Japanese on the barren but strategically important Attu Island wiped out, American forces triumphantly plant the Stars and Stripes on the first bit of territory stolen by the little men of Nippon from the United States The entire enemy garrison of more than 2,000 men was annihilated—and that is well. The Japs aie being told, you know, that this is going to be a hundred years’ war, indicating that a temporary peace would merely become a breathing spell while the serpent that is Japan coils, resting and making more poison so that she can make her next blow more deadly, By taking 2,000 mean, mad purposed beasts out ot the fighting now, the three generations of l c II lies of these creatures who would have bei. aiound when the Japs would terminate then century of hell are also eliminated. Two thousand dead Japanese make a pleasant picture, indeed ’ We can’t seem to think human thoughts when we think of dead Japanese, but that is because the Japanese don’t seem to be thinking human thoughts when they think of dead Japanese. A dead Nipponese soldier to Japan 18 more like a broken gun to them than anything else—an implement that had been designed to gain power Destroying the implement is an act which represents a loss, but one that might be replaced with the proper procedure. ' Fron;i Attu Island the Japs had previously radioed Tokyo: “.. we are going into the fight and only death can take our weapons out of our hands”. The weapons were taken out of their hands, and it was death that did the trick. We can’t help but think that many more deaths will have to be dealt, ruthlessly, competently, and swiftly, to the Japs before they‘realize that the citizens of the world will ndt allow then kind ot game to be played anywhere in the Eaith’s community —r w b And Now. . . Thfe editors ot the recent “lazz edition” are begging the pardons of people who might feel hurt because ot some ot the ai tides contained in the publication Those m chaige ot the paper had no intention of wounding anyone’s feelings, Primary purpose of the edition was to satirize humorize people, acts, and customs Admittedly the paper tailed in its purposes to sdm6 extent Satire tends to become injurious ridicule when in the hands of none but experts The old Gridiron Banquets, at one time one of the most waited for events on the campus, ran into the same difficulty At the banquets everyone .attempted to satirize everyone else When very clever satirists weren’t available, the evening tended to become one of malicious taunter Without a doubt one ot the factors that caused the functions to be discontinued was the little sores of lesentment which resulted from the bits of poison in the ridicule Since Alexander Pope and Jonathan Swift and men of their agility with the pen are usually unai^ailabl^ when a special edition is being put Q4|t„;fufure publications will steer away from haitifical attcmT>+ Coneentraij' j < i efforts lor the next special editions will be on humorous articles that imread ‘a minimum of poison Purdue suffers froih^^ol having a humor magazine, and as
Tm U S P4t 0« MERRY-GO-ROUND By DREW.reARSO^ Army Wastes Food By Serving Too Much; Business Men Break Down Good Neighbor Efforts WASHINGTON—With the entue country lationed, the Tiuman Committee has just imeaithed the fact that 21 per cent of the Army’s food has been thrown away However, the Army has now discovered what every housewife knows—that if you count on ten persons for dinner and only six persons come, there will be food left over Distressing thing is that it took the Army months of survey and experiment to discover this simple household truth After hearing stories of wastage, the Quartermaster Corps made a survey at three large posts—Camp Lee, Va, Fort Knox, Ky, and Fort Benning, Ga They made the discovery that 21 per cent of the edible food was being thrown away Having established that fact, the QMC began a scientific examination of possible causes They began to ask the question which any housewife would have asked in the first place Are we piepaimg more food than IS needed ’ They discovered the astonishing fact that rations were being issued for everybody on the camp’s roster, regardless of whether they were present m camp that day or not By equally laborious study it was discovered that when soldiers are on week end leave, they don’t come to the mess hall foi meals Especially on payday week ends Result of the study wa^ that 80 per cent ot the wastage was found to be fiom “excess piepaiation” Having leached this foijnal conclusion, the Aimy took action The Quaiteimaster Corps, acting through the Quartermaster Boaid, “toimulated a system which issued one lation foi each man actually present cat mg ’’ This eliminated the rations previously issued for absentees, and the wastage promptly fell off The Aimy could do with a good housewife in eveiy kitch en, but as the next best thing the Aimy has now boilowed Miss Mary I Baibei from the Kellogg Com pany. Battle Creelc, Mich , to help save food and pie pale bettei food in Aimy kitchens She is bunging about some impoitant changes Italian Donkey Winston Chiu chill left many a fine phrase behind him, hut the best was the one on Italy Talking privately to a gioup of Biitisheis, he outlined the intended progiam of softening up Italy by a combination of two methods (1) continued bombing plus (2) propaganda by ladio iiiging the people that if they would thiow ovei Mussolini, the Allies would not be too hard on them “Thus,” said Churchill, “We employ hotli the iiidgel and the cariot to budge the donkey ’ RumI Tax BafHe The atmospheie of the final tax conieience wasn’t neaily so harmonious as Senaloi Vandenbeig of Michigan and other Rumlites let on when they emerged, grinning fiom eai to ear over then victory in dodging 75 pel cent of the nation’s tax bill There was a hot flaieup just before the closed door meeting adjourned Repiesentatives Jeie Coopei of Tennessee and John Dmgell of Michigan, militant foes of the Ruml plan, piotested mightily and served notice they would fight the conference measuie on the House floor “I’ll never sign the confeience lepoit,” Dmgell declaied “This is one of the woist steals evei attempted on the United States Tieasuiy I would have been willing to agiee to a reasonable compiomise to bleak the deadlock heie, but I won’t be a party to this outrageous bill It is almost as evil as the Ruml plan itself and will woik a teiiible hardship on the work mg classes ot America ” Waving his finger at the Rumlites, Dmgell continued “I, for one, am not going to take this lying down I’m going to speak out on the floor against this unholy product of Wall Street and I’ll continue to speak out as long as there’s breath in my body. You haven’t got me licked ” Good Neighbors In Reverse U S censors have some wax recordings of overseas telephone conversations which will cause red faces in the State Department When the diplomats play them back, they will hear such words as “Those perfumed - - - - in the State Department are about as Good Neighbors as Adolt Hitler” The words come fiom a Chilean with a Yale accent, Aimando Hamell, who did his best to coopeiate with the United States and Gicat Biitain in boycotting Axis insuiance companies and then got kicked in the pants toi his pains What happened was that the Chilean Government formerly le insured its business with certain Axis insuiance companies, Tokyo Fae and Mai me, Munich, and Tiiestc Geneiale This meant that the Axis countnes received vital infoimation legaiding the piopei 1y they insuied, such as caigoes, ships, nitiate plants, etc So at the urging of the Stale Depai tment, Aimando Hamell, head of Chile’s Reinsurance Bank, arranged to cut out all dealings with Axis insuiance companies and deal only with U S British companies But after this was arranged, British insurance companies took the lead m hiking rates, cutting out commissions, and refusing to turn any business back to Chile American companies followed the British lead They no longei had any competition, didn’t have to meet lowei Axis lates, made the most ot then monopoly No wondei Ai mando Hamell in Santiago has been burning up the telephone to New York telling liiends what he thinks of the State Depai tment and BiitishAmciican business (Copyright, 1T43, by United Featuie Syndicate, Inc ) the somewhat more dignified columns ot the Exponent don’t seem quite appropiiate or adequate for copy such as the staff would wnte, we aie going to use the medium ot special editions to let loose the ideas which accumulate in the recesses ol the staff’s minds as they publish none but reserved thoughts week after week We believe you’ll like the next special edition, and we’te kind ot anxious ourselves to see how much ot a success we can make of the next edition with these changed aims in mind r w b.
Wednesday, June 2, 1943 -—— Just Looking Around
By Jack Abbett
John L. Lewis certainly seems to be having his owli way in any matters pertaining to the soft coal strike, and the only thing the President seems to be doing is lengthening the fuse to the bomb. There have already been more splices in the soft coal bomb fuse than in any other such strike in the history of our nation, but unless some definite action is taken in the near " — I "future you can expect to She a Placeineillr Notes few more such splices. The For *Woinen bomb will nevertheless explode The Gential Institute foi the some day and carry with it the Deaf, 818 South Kmgshighway, person and ideas that were
Saint Louis, Missourg-^hich is af-
filiated with Washington Univei-
moving up to nut the fuse out oi
‘Listen to Fignewton and his global planning—why, he us§d to get all tangled up trying to follow the directions on a simple road map ”
Fiom heie, theie and sometimes nowheie tome these inteiesting snatches of college life—^not exact ly at 1101 mal level these days— —E P— Pooling of cais, foi picnics, etc , has been common on most camp uses, yet not until a smait Texas Chiistian coed staitea pooling huttei, had the ultimate of lesouicefulness been reached A ceitam TCU toed, who has a beau oveiseas, had been attempting to send him some candy for quite awhile As her ration book was home, she could not buy any, but did the next best thing—pool her fi lends’ buttei allotment at the Umveisity cafeteiia for one day As a result some lucky soldiei will have candy fiom his sweetie Foi the fiist time m the histoiy of several college geneiations, the weekly summei publication, the Kent Statei at Kent State Univei sity, Kent, Ohio vill be discontm lied until Sept 24 Just one of the many campus publications to be shut down by the wai, the Statei will be replaced by a mimeographing stivite foi no tices —E P— Quite a bit of excitement was created awhile back at Medaiyville Ind , when a mule fell into the grinding pit, after stumbling head first into the chute ol the elevatoi An auto wietkoi was tailed and aftei two houis woik, the animal was lescued When finally vemoved the animal lay foi seveial minutes befoie he completely lecoveicd Undaunted by his fall however and although almost standing on his head the mule ate a consideia ble poition ol the giain waiting to lie ground —Winamat Repiihlitan El) NOIL A ncivy individual' —E P—■ Approximately one million small gnats, the laigost collection of wild ‘Uiosophila m the world, has been gatheied for zoological leseiich in genetics at the Univoisity of Texas From Florida, the deep South, the Rocky Mountain aiea Id iho Utah, Yellowstone, Giaiid Canyon Aiizona, Mexico, Big Bend coiintiy, Aikansas, and Oklahoma, the pests have been captuied Also flies fiom China, Koie.i,
Japan, Hawaii, Canada, Europe, and South Africa ait found m the tollection —E P— Minnesota students who aie oveixveight Ol underweight have a chance to lemedy then tiouhles on a special diet table lun by the student health service At present the seivice s dietician is handling 41 people in three meals pel day Between 40 to 46 per cent of the clients aie on ieducing diets Some of the others aie there be cause they are diabetic, have ulcers, aie botheied by food allergies, oi ate undei weight — Minnesota Daily —E P— PI uis foi earning degiees have taken wings and many a college man, instead, has taken up pursuit of a crafty enemy—West Texas Strtc Teachers College —E P— A college coed leally has moie of a pioblem than the average male strident—West Viiginia U Ed Note Yeah'
Student Senate
sity announces a number of tuition lepatch it
scholarships for students who have —X X— completed two years of undergiad- Whatever might be the final comuate work and graduate scholarv piomise between, the two Free ships for those working towards French movements there is sure! to Master’s Degree The courses con- be some decision made about the sist of tiainmg in the field of speech gore spot in the Caiibbean—the collection and education of the deaf Vichy island of Maitimque The and the hard of heaimg and leads hkely course of action will be an to degiees from Washington Uni- ultimatum from the united Free veibity Any one interested should Piench demanding that the island call Placement Service for Women ^nd all its militaiy personnel sui(2955) for fruthei infoimation lendei to the Allies If this ulti-
matum is refused, and thei e is some
Miss Hulda Ungeiicht, Home igason to believe that it will be leSoivice Director of the Ohio Fuel fusedi either the French or the Gas Compamy, Columbus, Ohio, has United States will dispatch tioops ,, i to that area to neutiahze the soie
written concerning openings on her _ , ,
spot But it IS hoped that Martin-
staff foi Home Seivice assistants pgacbly come over to the These positions wiR be m Columbus Allies foi the addition of the French and othei Ohio cities whcie there warships based at the island would aie branches of the company The gieatly help the United Nations , , , , , , cause and relieve some mote Amei woik involves demonstiations and ,
lean 01 Biilish warships foi duty
talks, conducting cooking schools, against Germany or, as is making calls m homes, Supplying veiy probable, against the Japs recipes, etc If you aic at all intei —X-X— ested will you wiite Miss Ungeiicht There is always one question that at once and let me know you are ap- is veiy puzzling to people who listen plying to hci It you do not apply to the radio reports about the fightI shall appieciate a note from you mg in Russia and then sit down to also think them ovei The question that
IS asked is, how is it possible foi the Russians to go into a giant sky battle with the Geimans and come out of it with only a few losses while the bad Nazis lose almost fifteen planes to one Russian plane, for even the
Piofessoi J I Yellott, chaiiman British are not willing to put such of the committee on relations with a stoiy befoie the public and have colleges of the parent society, will them believe it’ Surely the Riisaddiess a meeting of the student sians must realize that the Amenbianch of the American Society of cans are gullible only to a ceitain Mechanical Engineers tonight on extent, and if such a piedommatree
YELLOTT WILL ADDRESS ASME ON STEAM WORK
Fieshmeii and sophomores, both eds and coeds, are urged to attend the Student Senate call out this af teinoon in its office at 4 p m , ac coiding to an announcement by Don Thomas, president He also an nouncod that both first dnd second semester fieshmen aie eligible to woik on the Senate, due to the shoitage of man power in the Uni veisity Woikeis will get a chance to choose the committees they wish to woik on and theiefoie get a va iiety ot experience both as an activ ity and as a legislative body, said Thom is Increasing Wai Activities The Senate is incieasing its war activities this summe^ m an effort to seive the students and Univei sity Besidfes the usual jobs pwhich the Senate car lies out, such as lost and found student elections, as sisting the Wai Council, and srii veys several new pi ejects will be iindei taken, aceoidiiig to Thomas
the subject of “Unusual Problems m Steam Research” The meeting, to be held in loom 108 of the Me cbanical Engmeeiing Building, will begin at 7 30 p m and is open to
the public
Yellott has done a great deal of reseaich on the topic of his discus Sion and will supplement his talk with a senes of moving pictuies
and slides
of losses were tiue there would be little reason foi the Russians holding oft an offensive against the Japs
SUMMER DANCING CLASSES OPEN BEGINNER’S BALLROOM Friday, June 11, 7 00 P M Special Rate—8 Lessons $5 00 ADVANCED BALLROOM Friday June 11 8 00 P M Special Rate—8 Lessons $5 00 ALL CHILDREN’S CLASSES OPEN SATURDAY, JUNE 12 ALLEN’S 6lh & Ferry
The Best Loved of Best-Seilers...
of All...
with Fay Wray • Robi Armstrong • Bruce Cabot — and — lIE-CRPnOES REOUE 1"^
LAST TIMES TODAY "YHC ONP AND QNLY"-
Sfarfring Tomorrow DOUBLE FEATURE Lusty and Colorful Adventure of America's Last Frontier The Great Northwest! WILD GEESE , CALLING — with — HENRY FONDA JOAN BENNETT WARREN WILLIAM — PLUS — That Wisecracking Detective, Michael Shayne, in a Triple Murder Mystery! DRESSED TO KILL — with — LLOYD NOLAN MARY BETH HUGHES
— COMING — GARY COOPER — in'— Pride of the Yankees
V
itJune 2, 19M
Boilermaker Sports
>4
TO MEET ffRU Alfl CADETS , SATURDAY
iooo P^TICIPANJf TO STAGE SPORTS k CARNrVAL TUESDAY f,
■Njk Riveters
Peru Naval Base Here
By Margaret Baynes
EdSf Coeds To Compete
In Silver Derby, June 8 More Coeded Sports * * Collared by tbe* sure ’nough sports editor as we sauntered into the
The Sports Wave | Array, Navy, Efis, Doublehcader Is Fip|ri|i
Cpeds To Put On To Home Diamond Play
The physical education department is sponsoring a Silver Derby, in which both coeds and eds will take part next Tuesday. The purpose of the Derby, which is open to the public, is to give the faculty and public an idea of the physical preparedness program and at the same time to provide entertainment. Coeds will take part in three events in the Derby: the cross country walk, the co-recreation period, and a barn dance demonstration. —
' For the cross country walk,
every wo'men's organization blanks are being mailed out will have its team, including chairmen and presione for each of the sororities, of the various houses, and are for WRH and for Curtiss- returned to the intramural ofWright and RCA Cadettes. tomorrow. ^ Elach tea^ will consist of eight girls Co-Recreation Period who will walk one-half mile, or two The co-recreation period will belaps around the Stadium track, gm at 7 p. m., a half hour before the Pour girls from each team will start carnival starts. Twenty coeds will at once, each girl having a number compete with eds in badminton, volwhich will be recorded as she crosses leyball, archery, zellball, horseshoes the finish line. The race will be and table tennis. scored just as a cross country race A selected group of 30 coeds, toi6 scored; for example, if members gether with an equal number of eds, of the team come in second, fifth, will put on a barn dance demonstraninth and twentieth, the total of tion later in the evening.
those places makes up the team’s
score, the team with the lowest score MlGtYieyGt
winning.
Form For Heel And Toe Walk According to Chief Clevett, of the Physical Education Department, the form for the heel and toe walk is important, and the girls who take part in the walk will need to practice it. If the girls do not use the correct form, the judges may take them out of the race and their team will lose its chance of winning. Ribbons will bb awarded' to members of the win-
. . . graduate of the school of pharmacy here at University, has passed the examination offered by the State Board of Pharmacy. Miss Niemeyer was president of the Pi’esbyterian girls, a member of the business staff of the Purdue Pharmacist, and a member of the YMCA cabinet. Try An Exponent Classified!
TEMPUS FU6ITS!! AND IF YOU DON’T HURRY YOU WILL BE LEFT BEHJND. FOLLOW THE CROWD TO THE COFFEE SHOP DOWNSTAIRS IN THE .UNION
DELICIOUS FOpD LOW PRICE GOOD SERVICE
JhjL TyUmifimL liniofL ’ • ''%>!■ The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Fieldhouse to work our stint as coed sports writer, we were told gently, but firmly to commence briefly, but intelligiently (especially intelligent-
ly) on sports.
“And please, for gosh sakes, stick to the subject!” Pedaling Coach Well, sport fans, (that’s How they all begin), the most sportish thing we’ve noticed lately, now that the flood’s over, was pink cheeked Elmer Burnham pedaling fieldhouseward on son Bob’s bicycle. ‘Squite cheering the way our professors have taken to biking, brings back our own childhood, besides being patriotic. Help, Help Gee, the queerest, apelike creature just panted by the door. Had on long things like circus performers and grand-dad use to wear, and was grimly swinging/ clubs. He stuck his head in the door and screamed “coeds” so we all shriveled up in the corner. Alluring Playthings First thing that caught pur fancy in this home of the P.E. twelvers, was a muscled, sweating ed (naturally) pedaling furiously on a bicycle which heaven and Betty Wedge couldn’t move. We pushed him off, stifled his protests with a single blow, and climbed upon the immoveable bike ourselves and rode several miles (one mile is four revolutions of the attached clock hand). “Oh, Pete, what has that got to do with sports!” Note to sports staff: You will find your editor, bound and gagged, in the sports office wastebasket. He forgot this was the co-ed edition. Row, Row Your Boat Anyway, after the slight interruption, we next rowed on the rowing machine, it, too, qpite attached to the floor. Had fun on the rings, set-ups board, and seveial other odd-looking contraptions, and, the general verdict of the co-ed sports staff, when lured back to the office, was “Haven’t had so much fun since kindergarten.” Was quite impressed with the imposing array of trophies displayed in every nook and cranny of said building. However, our next thought was of sorrow because the fieldhouse ci’ew couldn’t take on pledges, like fraternities and soioiities, to keep the brass polished. Must be a terrific job
for someone.
Truth Of The Matter We particularly liked about this building: the sawdust smell lingering with the atmosphere; the constant uproar of bouncing basketballs, shouting,coaches, and leering in-mates. However, we dislike it because of‘ being locked out of the sports office until 6 p. m. because some indignant male wasn’t going to let a bunch of females clutter up the sports office; and the dreadful uncertainty of opening an unexplored door. Sweet Farewell Finally, we passed with inverted eyes the sign proclaiming “P.E. 12: report for swimming, now”, took a final swing at the fig-shaped punching bag, and, as a parting gesture of fiiendship, pulled the queer looking switch on the wall. The whole building became drowned in darkness.
NOTICE-
We pay Ic each for all hangers in good usuable condition if brought to our office. WEST SIDE CLEANERS
Gpntic Carnival An evening’s entertainment un-
der the stars will be staged in the Ross-Ade Stadium next Tuesday night at >7:30. The evening, which will rival a three-ring circus for the
many types of activities, is expected to gather 2,000 participants. The carnival will be open to the general public without charge and is being conducted to give a picture of the physical fitness programs that are conducted on the campus
for the vai’ious Navy and Army units stationed here, as well as the physical preparedness program for
the regular student body.
Detailed plans for the two-hour show include a number of novelty events, a ^ass demonstration of mixed recreation, including badminton and tennis, six boxing bouts, six wrestling matches, gymnastic specialties, folk and modern dances by University co-eds, and a demonstration of a typical^“physical preparedness” class for University students. Along with the above events will be interspersed mass games of the competitive type and various relay sessions, including the all-
campus quarter-mile run.
To Feature Novelty Relays Novelty relays, known as “Silver Derbies”, will be staged on the small track, calling for competitors to demonstrate their ability and speed on stilts, with wheelbarrows, bicycles, and “horseback”. A onemile bicycle race will also be one of
the novelty features.
Other highlights will be provided by a one-mile relay, matching teams representing the Naval Training School, Navy Flight Instructor School, ASTP Army Unit, and University physical preparedness classes. The co-eds will also get their chance to strut their stuff in a one-mile walking race. One of the* closing features will be provided by a relay over a specially set up ob-
stacle course.
Highlight To Be Mystery Jump The crowning event of the evening will be a mysterious jump from the top of the football score tower into a pail of water. The body, according to an informed scource, is slated to sail into the water head first, but other than this piece of information nothing would be released. Even the identity of the person who will make the jump is being kept a secret. Spectators will be seated in the west stands of the stadium and flood lights will be provided for the events that run into dusk. Rings for
Today found the Boilermaker team out on the diamond iklott swing, preparing for their encounter with the aviation Oddets of the Peru Naval Training Station Saturday." The doubleheader which will be played here is the final game of the season. The cadets from Bunker Hill (thjt; given the training station by the trainees) are reputed to constitute a better ball club than
IM Schedule
the Freeman Field club which niet defeat here last week. The Boilermakers have only had three defeats this season; two at Illinois, at the beginning of the season, and one at Wisconsin. To Play Seven Inning Games This pair of seven inning games with the Peru cadets were scheduled to fill the gap in the baseball schedule caused by Indiana’s cancellation of a two game series originally planned for this week-end. The starting line-up will probably be the same as in the Freeman Field game last week and will no doubt include: Friend, If Irmscher, ss Burger, cf Kennedy, rf Wright, c Lindeberg, 3b Jennings, lb Martin, 2b Misselhorn, p “Mystery” Team Again A surprise will be in store for all when the game commences at 2 p. m. Saturday since very little is known of the batting averages of the cadets or the prowess of their
infield.
Before the first inning of last week’s game with the Freeman club the Riveters had no idea of the playing which they would be up against. However, they had nothing to fear as the scores of the doubleheader 10- 4, and 5-4, showed the Boilermaker’s superiority. Perhaps this week-end will again be analogous to last in bringing home another
victory.
The doubieheader with the Peru
Naval avaiation cadets will provide Delta Rho
the final tuneup for the Big Ten conference finish which will culminate in the series with Ohio State’s title hopeful at Columbus on June
11- 12.
Softball Schedale Wednesday^ June 2 \
Diamond—
1 Phi Kappa Sigma v% Kappa
Sigma -V 1 Delta Upsilon vs PM Kappa Delta Tau Delta vs Pi K^ppa
Phi
Sigma Pi vs Phi Kappa Pdl Sigma Chi vs Army “A” Beta Theta Pi vs Sigma jNa Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Army “C” Acacia vs Lambda Chi'Al-
pha
Theta Chi vs PM Gamins Delta Kappa Delta Rho vs PM Kappa Tau Sigma Phi Epsilon vs TheM
Xi
Sigma Alpha Mu vs Dbits Chi ’ Alpha Tau Omega vs Trian-
gle
Sigma Alpha Epsilon vs Tipi Epsilon Phi Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Keta Sigma Psi Alpha Sigma Phi vs Arpij
“B”
Phi Delta Theta vs Phi Si^ma Kappa Alpha Chi Rho vs Pi Kapim Alpha Ward 1 vs Ward 4 ; Ward 2 vs Ward 7 Ward 3 vs Ward 8 ' T Ward 4A vs Ward 9 ' Ward 5 vs Ward 6
2
2
4 5 6 7 8 9
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18
19 20 21 22 23
Tennis
vS J
Singles— ' Lambda Chi Alpha vs , Khjjapa
boxing and wrestling, and space for gymnastic activities will be provided directly in front of the west stand, while a special track for the novelty relays will be laid out on the gridiron.
BOniED UNDER AUTHORITY OF THE COCA-COIA COMPANY tY COCA COLA BOTTLING CO. 6th and Salem Sts. Lafayette, Ind.
VetSHHOTOH MERRY-00- ROUHD
The leaders and the peoples of the entire world today are watching Washington. For what happens there affects what happens everywhere. The unprecedented importance of Washijigton news and its bewildering mass make it of special value now to have, besides running news reports, a column summarizing, clarifying, interpreting them. For this the nation's No. I column is Drew Pearson's The Washington Merry-Go-Round. Look for it in the PURDUE EXPONENT
Phi Gamma Delta vs Theta iSCi Alpha Sigma Phi vs Phi Kappa ,
Sigma
Sigma Alpha Mu vs Sigma Alpha
Epsilon
Sigma Chi vs Acacia Doubles— ’ , Lambda Chi Alpha vs Beta THbta Pi ' Phi Delta Theta vs PhL Kaii|ia
Psi
Phi Kappa Sigma vs Pi Kappa
Phi
Phi Gamma Delta vs Sigmh Alpha Mu _ ^ Pi Kappa Alpha vs Delta Chi ^ Acacia vs Delta Tau Delta These matches must be pla;^^d before June 7 and results reported to the Intramural Office. Iowa's AthiGtic FacilitiGS HgIp Condition Pilots } If excellent physical facilities the toughening of future nSvy pilots will help to win the war, the University of Iowa deserves aofn® sort of a distinguished senHcfli/ award. For the willing contribution, of the Hawkeye athletic department includes 86 per cent of the hh$« field house for use of the navy plfeflight school and large outdoor areas for the conditioning ground vof some 1,900 cadets. Will Continue Sports Program “But despite space handicaps, the athletic board emphatically* has gone on record as favoring the continuance of our sports program. But careful planning and timing, the university athletes will be a^le to practice and play satisfactorily next season just as they didin 19%2* 43,” E. G. Schroeder, directOr^of athletics, said. The high class facilities of Iqwfi's" fieldJiouse made it unnece^aatjr pk (See IOWA ATHLETICS 4^r
IC# “ ®
ykM/i > mmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmrnmmmmammmimmmmimmmm
W? t/ - ^ -■'"j,'’
|#:1
Pi^due Exponent WeSnSsday, fune 2, 194S ,
Home Ec Professor Collects' Dolls, Jewelry Willoughy Believes In 'Different' Hobbies; Has Large Collections By Bob Wendell Captivating Marion Willoughby, professor of clothing and textiles, began an hour long intei'view last week with the comment that some men pay excessive prices for their clothes and ended it with an explanation of her doll collection; but never in the 60 minutes was there a hint that conversation might suddenly terminate with an ugly silence: Miss Willoughby bubbles over with charming paragraphs and chapters. teeth, a Turkish gentleman’s The blithesome professor’s ^‘won-y bracelet” and some assortn j? religious jewelry decorations for office, on the second floor of iT,orses. Miss Willoughby^s current the Home Economics building, interest is the collection of ancient is a small, well lighted, and harness ornaments and the learnsoniewhat cluttered room. The walls of the reasons for some of the are covered with personal auto— designs being as they are. graphs of world known individuals. Gives History Of Fatima and original pictures by Margaret Talking about some of the TurkBourke White with personal notes igh beads,-Miss Willoughby said, written on them. On the floor sits a <‘See how almost all of the beads piece of the wall of the Leland Stan- have little hands on them? Well, ford Memorial Chapel destroyed they represent the hand of Fatima, during the earthquake of 1906. jt’g been the good luck sign of the Pictures, Dolls Ornament Room Turks ever since the Middle Ages. Strands of unusual looking beads Fatima,’ only daughter of Mohamand such items as totem poles and med, was on the battlefleld serving heads of terra cotta dolls are on as a Turkish nurse during the waxbook shelves and on her desk. There between the Syrians and the Turks, is a cedar chest in the room, also. The Turks were falling back when and Miss Willoughby is sitting on Fatima dipped her hand in blood its polished top and saying, “War- and spread it out on a piece of ner Baxter is so gentlemanly”. She white cloth. The banner was picked knows, too, for she’s had lunch with up, and, with it waving, the Turks Warner—and Tyrone Power and rallied to a victory. Almost all Wallace Berry—and she’s talked to Turkish jeweliy has, for good luck, Lana Turner and Janet Gaynor and the hand of Fatima on it somean endless number of other cinem- where.”
Halifax
actors and cinemactresses whose pictures and signatures are displayed on her walls. The most fun at lunch was had with Tyrone Power. “Tyrone is quite a handsome man”, Miss Willoughby observed.
Thus the weird little hands were explained, but what was the purpose of the blue beads in every string? The answer was forthcoming. The blue beads' were used by the Turks to ward off the “evil eye”.
Although the collection of pic- that feai'ed product of the Turkish tures is large, Miss Willoughby was imagination which was dreaded for
present when every celebrity auto- centuries,
graphed his picture. She contends Hobbies, Not “Collections” that meeting the person is the im- Miss Willoughby leaves the jewportant part of the hobby. g]j.y ^ strand of eleJfiwelry Information phant’s hair someone gave her. One is inclined, however, to turn Putting that down she i-emai-ks from the interesting pictures and about the Russian coins she has at give all his attention to the clothing home. She picks up a small Egypand textiles authority as she begins tian statue of the ancient sun god to talk about another of her hob- Ra. Any guest would be enjoying bies: that of collecting jewelry and the interview immensely—that is, the wealth of information that sur- if he didn’t make the eiror of rerounds each in her collection. ferring to Miss Willoughby’s hobUnusual jewelry items include a bies meiely as “collections”. At that string of hundreds of monkeys’ point in the conversation the hcs-
(Continued from page 1) of the Ministry of National Service, in 1917 and from there rose through various appointive posts to Viceroy and Governor Genei-al of India in 1926. After five years in India he returned to England where he became President of the Board of Education. Recently he was appointed Ambassador to the United States and has served in that capacity since then. tess would be likely to draw the line between remaining congenial and becoming very indignant; for Miss Willoughby emphasizes that the primary purpose of her hobbies is not to collect articles, but to learn about them. “The obtaining of a collection is simply one of the vei-y interesting by-products of the search and is not the motive that incites it”, says Miss Willoughby. Picking up a scrap book. Miss Willoughby declared, “I would rather have lived in Russia during the reign of the Czars than in any other place or at any other time that I can think of.” The scrap book was of Russia, and it includes notes made by Miss Willoughby when she visited there, pictures she took, clippings of pictures of Russian cities, and a portrait of the Russian Princess Sariatra, whom she has chatted with. Foreign Dolls Included Miss Willoughby’s doll case in another room contains a big Rumanian doll obtained through the Rumanian embassy in Washington, Chinese and Japanese dolls with queer hair do’s, spick and span Dutch dolls, a vex-y plain Scandinavian doll, a mechanical English doll, frivolous looking French dolls, and an enormous gypsy doll—to mention a few. American dolls included to make the students conscious of the distinctive di’ess of people in this country include corn husk dolls from Arkansas, dolls made from writing paper in New England, some dolls from hillbilly Kentucky, and a purple clad doll of the Amish
sect.
Reluctantly walking away from the doll case. Miss Willoughby explains that in order for her to pursue a particular hobby, besides its having to be one from which she can learn something by pursuing, it must have two other qxialifications: It must be something different from the hobbies of most'other people, and there must be very little known about the subject. “That makes it moi-e intriguing,” says Miss Willoughby.
Uniyersity Aids In Brass Drive In aiding a statewide campaign to collect the front license plate of every car now on the road the Service and Stores department has placed a small wooden receptacle in front of their building marked “Li-
cense Tags Here.”
This is not the only reason for fhe collection however, ifor faculty members have been requested to turn in their license plates there in order that their brass “staff” tags may be saved for future use. Brass being a critical material all members of the staff are requested to coopei-ate in this matter, according to R. W. Levering, Plant protection officer, and to date a considerable number of plates have been turned in. Students may also leave their plates there.
Potter
Memorial
STRAUSS SAYS — STORE HOURS MONDAY 12:15 TILL 8:i5
THE HAVY HAS AFP0IHTED THE HAH'S STORE— FOR THIS AREA- — present the Regulation Uniforms as supplied by the "Naval Uniform Service!" It is a "three way" working arrangement — (the Navy — the Manufacturers — the store) — The end product is of decided advantage to the Navy personnel. Finely tailored clothes and accessories—that maintain their smart, long and arduous service! And prices like these — are possible only through such a combined endeavor and viewpoint. A complete presentation of U. S. Navy Regulation Uniforms — Officers' accessories — equipment and insignia, with the accent on SUMMER. The Military Shop is on the THIRD FLOOR'
l. STRAUSS & CO., Inc. THE MAN'S STORE
(Continued from page 1) , past year was lead. Dean of Men, Fred I. Goldsmith read off the names of those who had died in civilian life; Col. Donald M. Beere, University ROTC Commandant, those who had died in the Army; and Commander H. J. Bartley, commander of the local naval training unit, those who had died while solving in the Navy. Taps For^Past Dead The Roll of Honor, which is a bronze plaque with the names of the University men who gave thenlives in the last war, was lemoved from its usual lesting place in the Memorial Union Building and placed on the stage of the Hall of Music. A detail from the Scabbaid and Blade placed a huge wieath over the plaque after which taps were blown. Pi of. 0. F. Hall pionounced the invocation and benedic-
tion.
Lieut. John,j;on told in his speech of incidents in his life as a Navy Chaplain and closed his talk with a plea to the men already in iinifoim and those who arc going to be m a short time; “to cany wheiever joii ^'o, the basic idea that thoie is moie to life than merely food, shelter and clothing. We must lecogmzc always the hand of God everywheie and maintain the basic idea of Chi istianity that those who have made the supreme saciifice shall not have died in vain.”
(Continued from page 1) Dean Potter went on to recall the services donated by Tau Beta Pi in the past, and particularly their aid in organizing the freshman counsellor system, and in sharing the weight offaiding students attain the proper mental attitude. In closing, he expressed the hope that it would continue to devote itself to student welfare. Guest speakers at the banquet, held to commemorate the fifieth anniversary of the founding of the University chapter, were the president of the national organizatioUj C.'H. Spencer, the secretary-treas-urer, R. C. Matthews, and R. H Nagel, editor of “The Bent,” Tau Beta Pi’s official publication. The members were also addressed by Professor L. V. Ludy, the oldest living member of the ch.apter, who recalled the life of Tau Beta Pi in its infancy at the University. Iowa Athletics (Continued from page 3) the government to construct any additional building for the conditioning program. All that was needed was some alterations to provide such space as equipment room, additional showers, offices, and lock-
eis.
Swimmers Drill In Old Pool Iowa’s swimming pool, now sharing second place among large indoor tanks, issued by the pre-flight-ers 100 per cent, as is the big gymnasium. Except for meets, Iowa’s swimmers dulled in the old pool on the e^st campus and classes in lequire'd physical education we^e held on the basketball court and in the wrestling loom instead of in the gymnasium. The athletic department retained the locker room, equinmcnt supply room, and wrestling room and has the use of the basketball couit in the late afternoons of the winter and for evening games. Use Outdoor Areas Outdoois, the navy runs hiindieds of men on the track, plays football on space which once constituted thiee holes of the golf coin-se, and drills on the 14 asphalt tennis couits, while coLiits iioith of the field house have been converted into basketball aieas. TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
Faculty Gives Memorial To
Notices
All Students!. Tliere afe seveial openings in Cook County scTiolai'ship awards. Appll-
1 / ■ ■ cation blanks may be secured by contaotinK
Mm rt m A A 0^^ ^ the oltice of the Division of Mucation ReCriSlOlM iwiaCBClOjC fefiing, room 318, Executive building. Jun. ^ Jyf ■ M f iMVfl Vf jboniots of j?ood atAnding trom Cook
County, 111., high schools
When the faculty met on May 24, 1943, a memorial to Ensign James S. Maddox was read and put into the minutes of the meeting. Ensign Maddox was an instructor in speech here at the University and up to the time of war had led an average life. He had earned his Masters degree before coming to the University and had specialized in the problems of stutteiers. Ensign Maddox was well liked by all the students he came in contact with for his kind understanding of their problems. “Ensign Maddox entered the service shortly after Pearl Harbor and earned his commission as a deck volunteer in the command of gun crews. Ensign Maddox was at his station when his ship was struck by a torpedo on November 2, and conducted himself with valor. He refused to be picked up by a lifeboat for fear of overcrowding it, and together with three other seamen managed to put together a handmade raft on which they started a
83-day journey.
“Ensign Maddox never saw the end of the journey for he died oiij the 76 day and was buried at sea by his companions. He left a wife the former Miss Beatricia Heine of West Lafayette, whom he had mairied less than a year before entering the service. The University honors Ensign Maddox, the first member of the faculty to give his life in this war.” '
Ag Staff
Senior MB's and AE'ft: If you expect to have employment interviews with in^strial representatives between now ana Dwember, please secure company sheets and interview request cards in ME Office immediately, providing you have not d^e so already. —BOLZ Freshmen and Sophomores: There will be a Student Senate callout in the Senate office Wednesday, June 2. All those interested are welcome. —THOMAS WAA: Golf callout at 4 p m^Thursday in the Women's Gym. •—HUTCHINS Triton: There will be a picnic at the WAA cabin Tuesday, June 1. Meet in the gym at 5 .30 p. m. Please sign up on the bulletin board next to the Matron's office
are hole. Call at 115 University after 7 p. m, —GOFF '■Purdue Radio Club: Meeting Wednesday, June 2, room 12 EE building at 7 i30 p. m. Piogram will feature technical discussion of WBAA transnlittir. All interested m Radio Club may attend. —PAGUIARULO Playshop Ticket Salesmen: Will the following please icturn their unsold tickets and money to the Playshop office by Thursday at 5 p m.: Lcslei, Pairman, Wedge, Newman, Kibbam, Yingst, Simons. ' —DeLONG Outing Club: All interobted in Outing Club hike Sunday, June b, 2:30 p m , call Oscar Smucklei, 247b, oi Selma Markman, 8113. —MARKMAN playshop Managing Board, Players, Ex,ecutive Board, Coed Heads of “Claudia'^; Melting Thursday, June 3, at 4 p m. in Playbliop office —CARMICHAEL War Council: Impoitant meeting Thursday afternoon, June 3, at i *30 p. m. in the Union olTiic. From the meeting we will go to the banquet in the private dining room inside the Chestnut Room All present membcis and last semester members should be piLstnt —HILLER Eta Kappa Nu: Dinner will be held on Thuisday, June 3, at b 30 p m in loom 330 of tile Union, just off the Chestnut room. ■* —CROUSE DulpUtn Club: Meeting Thursday, June 3, at 7.15 p m in loom 104 of the Fieldhouse* —MURPHY
. , . membeis of the poultry and v^terinaiy depaitments, have just concluded a two day meetini** with representatives of the Ohio Faim Bureau at which the details of hatcheiy improvement in the two
states were discussed. Outing Club
. . . will 'iponsoi- the fust hike of the seasoa for both coeds and eds Sunday afternoon at 2.30. If inteicsted in hiking, call Selma Maikinan, 8413 or Oscar Smukler,
2476 for further detaiks.
Classified ■ Ads
Typewriters: Adding macnines, all makea sold, rented repaired and purchased. Mimeograph work done. C. J. Ebershoff, 605 Main,
Lafayette. Phone 2779.
Money to Loan: On diamonds, watches, guns, luggage, typewriters. Albert’s Loan
Office, 407 Columbia.
Persons in any ol the Naval "V” programs inUiosttd in foiming a dance band call
Gcoue Saueiwoin 57’)l
Lost—Pail of shtll iinimod glasses. Uewuiul. Chailob Lander Phone 29bb
TRY AN EXPONENT CLASSIFIED
2. If your application papers are satisfactory, you’ll receive free transportation to the nearest Office of Naval Officer Procurement. There you’ll be interviewed and ^rrange to take the aptitude test.
First, go or write to the nearest Navy Recruiting Station or Office of Naval Officer Procurement for application blanks. Give the information required, and return papers to office of origin.
Then comes a physical check-up ^y Navy doctors. Requirements are tljorough but not too difficult. Any young women In sound health should be able to pass the examination with flying colors.
It’s a thrilling moment when you raise your right hand and are “sworn in.” From then on, you’re in the service of Uncle Sam, ready to do a man-size job for your country!
5. Off for training school! The Navy takes care of all expenses. Meals in the dining car. A pullman berth for overnight travel. And you’ll find comfortable quarters ready for you when you arrive.
6. Yes, it’s really you! You’ll feel proud — and rightly so —■ when you first see yourself in trim Navy blues. Complete outfit — $200 worth of clothing — is furnished you free as an enlisted woman.
7. Training schools are located at some of the country’s finest colleges. Typing, radio operation, communications, mechanics are only some of the skills you may acquire,}
8. At training school you’ll follow an interesting schedule. Athletics, games, x'ecreation with friendly companions are yours to enjoy in addition to the valuable trainiuE under expert Navy teachers.
9. And now — a full-fledged member of the service —- you go on active duty at one of the big Naval bases. You’ll be in the thick of all that’s exciting and important m*Ameiica at war.
10. Yes, your salute will be recognized by an Admiral. And you deserve recognition! For yours is a big job — a service to your country you will be proud of the rest of your life.
T' V A
cr