rOLUME XLYU
NUMBER 130
t ■
PIA To Hold Elections “ Musical Director
Eleven CemdidMes Listed i Kelly Unopposed For Co-ed Executive; Three Cliques Formed
coming year. The polls will open in the lobby of the Union Building at noon and remain open until 8 o’clock tonight. Ail ihember^ of P. I. A. are eHg^le fa vote. According to a‘"gerii^
tleman’s a^eemeht’’ aihohff the c^ndid^es, no str'oni^ eleo tioneeiing is to take place. > The following candidates have submitted a petition f^ office signed by twenty-five members; For president; John Bowmar Herman Hersh, hLenneth Reiner, and Harold Sennstrom; for co-ed executive; Regina Kelly; for vice president: Lorne Buxton and John Day; for secretary: Naomi Ade, Dora Mae Patterson> and -Mary Wien; for treasurer, John Ward
and Bill Wilhelm. Political Cliques
Although P. 1. A. officials last night were loathe to give information concerning political cliques^ at least three such groups have been formed. One is composed of Buxton, Hersh, Dien, Kelly and Wil' helm; another of Sennstrom, Ade, and Day; while the third consists of Ward and Bowmar. Apparently the latter two, being the weakest in numbers, are kindly disposed toward each other. Due to the difficulty encountered in wangling few words out of anyone, it was not learned with what party Reiner
stands.
A party for all members will be held in the faculty lounge tonight starting at 7:30
SipHCaaTo Speak Here Dr. Datt Will Address Junior, Seiaior Engineers In Fowler Hall Junior and senior engineering
students in the University will hear an address by , Dr. W. L. Batt, president of SKP Industries, Inc,, at 10 o’clock tomorrow morning in Eliza Fowler Hail. Dr. Batt Will talk on “Unity in the Engineering Profes-
sion”,:-
High ranking in the industrial field as ah engineering and business executive. Dr. Batt is president of the American Society of Mechani cal Engineers. One of the University’s foremost ranking graduates in the engineering profession, he was knighted somo years ago by the King of Sweden for his work in the SKP Industries in Sweden
and America. University Grad
Dr. Batt, a graduate of 1907, has received varied recognition for his outstanding work. Several years ago the University granted him an honorary doctor’s degree, while still later he was elected to the presidency of A. S. M. E. Tomorrow night he will address a joint meeting of the Indiana chapters of A. S. M. E. and the Society of Automotive Engineers in the Athenaeum in Indianapolis.
Dr. Hiiggins Gives Ghemistry Lecture Recent advances in structural chemistry were discussed last night in the Physics Building by Dr. M. L. Huggins, of Jqhiis Hopkins Uni versity. Dr- Huggins explained the structure of the various molecules oh the basis of electron bonding; and showed that this is a more uni versal method of attack than the more vague concepts of valence. The address was illustrated with models and slides and was received enthusiastically by an audiencie of approximately 100 persons. Earlier in the day Dr. Huggins lectured on “Interatomic Forces, Energies and Distances” before a group of advanced students.
Albert P, Stewart, music director of the University; who. is in charge of the series of concerts helmg. given by the: choirs - and glee clubs as part of the Holy Week services.
AIEE Reopens Essay Contest At the request of several students the officers of the local A. 1. E. E. chapter have reopened the essay contest which closed March 28. Juniors and seniors in the E. E. school may submit papers until 4 p. m., April 20, at the main office of the E. E. Building. Prizes -will be awarded as stated in the original rules, a copy of which is posted in the E. E. Building.
Better Orchestra,
Rides Changed; Dance Will End At 3 O*dock; New Date Conflicts With Other Affairs
Daiidt Elected President iOf Coleglate Flying Club Charles H. Daudt, ’34, was elected, president of the Intercollegiate Flying club at a conference held recently at Amherst College in Massachusetts. Daudt received his flying instructions under Capt. Lawrence 1. Aretz, airport operations manag-
Hawaiians Debate Here Present Lei To University Speakers The Hawaiian affirmative debate team was awarded the decision by the audience in a debate With the University negative team on overruling supreme court decisions by Congress on the constitutionality of federal laws last night before 400 people in Eliza Fowler Hall. The visiting speakers, Robert G. North and John A. Casstevens, opposed R. F. Royster and C. R. Petticrew, of the University. Following the debate the audience carried on an animated discussion with the speakers on the debate resolution. The visiting team also answered questions of the audience about Hawaii. Present Lei Previous to the debate, Hawaiian studehts presented University speakers with lei, flower garlands symbolizing hospitality and good-will of islands. The visiting speakers were entertained at a banquet previous to the debate. Those attending included the University speakers. Prof. P. E. Lull, Mr. L. S. Winch, and Dr. H. L, Creek, chairman of the de-
bate.
Concert Choir To Sing At Meeting Of Water . Works Men Today ■ Under the direction of Albert P. Stewart, the Concert Choir will sing today before delegates to the State Water Works Association meeting who are convening here. This presentation is one of a series of concerts being directed by Mr. Stewart as part of Holy Week activities. Tomorrow evening at 7:30 oMock the Central Presbyterian choir will sing at a communion ser-
vice in the church.
Friday evening at 8' o’clock the University Choir of 74 voices will present the cantata “Crucifixion” in Eliza Fowler Hall. This will be the last convocation for worship of this semester. WBAA will broadcast a special Easter program arranged by Mr, Stewart for the “Just Kids” hour Saturday at 11 a. m.
JUNIOR AND SilNIOR ENGINEERING STUDENTS
Mr. W. L. Batt, president of A. S. M. E., will address all junior and senior engineering students in Elizia Fowler Hall at 10 a, m. on Thursday, April 9. All junior and senior engineering students will be excused from scheduled classes to attend this lecture. EDWARD C. ELLIOTT.
Roller MissingStudents^ Work? Somebody is evidently rolling his own these days, but what makes the intramural department sore is the fact it’s their concrete roller
that is being rolled.
According to Director Cleyett, someone “borrowed” the roller from the men’s tennis courts last Friday. Mr. Clevett said the roller was a solid concrete and iron affair and just the thing for the tennis courts. The fact that the roller was lost, strayed or stolen during the vacation period apparently exoner-
ates the student body.
Dean Potter Delivers Lecture On Teaching Dean A. A. Potter delivered the third of a series of lectures bn “Teaching”, in room 101 of the Education Building last night. Dean Potter stressed in his talk the fact that colleges , and universities should be a seat of learning for student and teacher j^like. The teacher shbuld learn along with the students. He also pointed put that the faculty should uphold the standard of ethics of the teaching profession.,,r .
Gol. Smith Sabre Awards AiiHouiiced Winners of the thiee sabres, presented annually by Col. Albert Smith, University alumnus and re serve engineer, for the best solution of a problem in senior tactics, were announced yesterday. The winners are: W. R, Rothenberger, D. C Burnham and R. F, Cissel in the order named. The sabres will be presented at the national inspection of the corps in May.
EXPONENT STAFF
W.CMaybee Leads A: Water ■ Worics M Dis- ^ ^ cuss; Frozen Mains - W. C. Maybee, chief engineer of the Indianapolis Water Company, led a round table discussion On, the problems encountered in dealing with frozen water mains and meters as the feature of yesterday’s program for mOre than 100 men attending the three-day meeting of the Indiana section Of the American Water Works Association here.■■ The subject for discussion was a timely one because of the recent cold wave which gripped the middle west, freezing the ground in places to a depth of as much as fifty inches. No estimate has been m^de as to the extent of the damage caused by freezing this past winter but much more thdn an ordinary number of such cases were reported. The most widely used method for thawing put mains was heating by electricity. The annual banquet which will be held tonight in the Home EcohomBuilding will have Frank A. Barbour, Boston, Mass., president of the American Water Works Association, and W. W. Bvush, New York, treasurer of the organization, as the principal speakers. Mr. Brush is editor of Water W^^rks Engineering. ' Round Table Discussions Round table discussions and talks by University staff members to the water plant sUperintehdents was the routine of the preliminary school held yesterday. The speakers for the school were F. A. Schaefer, New Albany; P. C. Gale, Michigan City; L. S. Finch, Indianapolis; and Prof. F. W. Greve, of the Univer-
sity.
changed from a rumor to a reality last night, following an announcement by Prom Chairman “Lefty” MArtiW/He attributed the change to the fact that no outstanding orchestra
could be secure<l for the (mginal date
libtele and dahee halls are An-1 ticipating large crowds for the' first vsreek^ehd after H<fiy Week and have booked the exrtraordinary orchestras for
that time.
Another change from former Pfbm rules, according to present pia.ns|, will close the dance at 3 o’clock instead of the usual 4 o’clock. Objections from a few
I
I
The date for the staff banquet has been rp-set for Sunday, April 19, at 6:16 in the faculty lounge' of the Union. Mr. George Hays, Purdue ’12, a fprpier editor .pf the Exponent and new editor of Steel, will be pur guest speaker. All members of the staff are invited to attend and arp urged so signify their intentions by signing up on the bulletin board in the office.
POMM Accepts 16 New Members The Purdue Order of Military Merit accepted the following men yesterday morning at the corps formation; seniors: E. P. Bottum, D. C. Burnham, G. R. Carter W. H. Chambers, R. C. Puller, T, W. Henderson, R. C; Reiley, K. M Roberts, L. B. Tichenor, R. F. Vanderford and W. M. Vest; Juniors E. W« Anderson, D. H. Parquharson, J. N. Newhall, W. I. Spitler
and J. R. Wergin.
Results of the howitzer squad competition were announced yesterday at the corps day formation These squads, participation in which is optional, are headed by junior officers and composed of sophomore members. The winning squad was commanded by Second Lieutenant E. A. Andersop, each menxber of which received a medal and citation. Second and third places went to squads commanded by ^Second Lieutenant W. E. Winter and Second Lieutenant J. B. Wergin, respectively. These squads received citations, while members of other squads competing in the contest received three Or more merits. All junior officers were, awarded
citations.
ANNOUNCES INITIATION Tau Epsilon Phi annoimces the initiation of H. H. M6ses, NeW'
,hwrgh,'N..Y,j:,
members Of the faculty had caused this order to be issued regarding hours, in Spite of the fact that the members of the Committee raised objections; W. S. G. A. rules state that co-eds must return to sororities or rooming houses within one horn? after the dance is closed. This would necessitate their return at 4 a. m. This change, if' carried out as at present, will possibly necessitate the elimination of the custom of sororities of enterfeaining .dates and guests at regular Prom breakfasts.
No Proitt nixpon<^c
Before the change was announced, the Exponent had completed plans for issuing a special “PrOm Edition”, which would carry a large cut of the grand march, and would be on sale at the door of the Union Building not later than 3:30 a. m. The 3 o’clock closing time would make such a task an impossibility. An additional Prom ruling which would require co^eds to have special permission from parents Or guardian to exempt them from reporting to their places of residence at 4 o’clock has been passed by the judicial board of W. S. G. A. and will be brought before the execu tive committee at a meeting of that
organization tonight. . No Orchestra Yet
According to Martin, no orches tra has as yet been definitely con tracted, but he made assurance that an announcement before the end of the week will name the orchestra. Another reason for the postponement, according to the committee Was the fact that the additional two weeks will allow ihe cmitractor to furth^ complete the new 30-foot addition to the ballroom, A base floor of oak will be used for the I rest of the school year, but the permanent maple flooring will be installed during the summer.; Postponement Upsets Plans After the news of the postponement had made the rounds of the fraternities and sororities last eyening, hurried preparations were made to change rush parties, house dances, and other social engagements. Also, a large mail should be expected today when worried eds rush notice of the change to the numerous“imports” that wiU inevitably invade Lafayette for the social climax at Purdue. An additipnal request was made last nig'ht for organizations to make a^angenients for Prom booths. John Drake should be contacted at the S. A. E. house.
Ticket Distribution
The date for the distribution of tickets will be made at a future date, and the programs will be distributed at the same time. Purchasers of From receipts who wish to turn in .their stubs may receive a rrfund of their payments by applying at the cashier’s office in Uni-
versity HaR.
The Administration also showed eoncmm 0^ Prom yesterday when letters w^re^ received by the heada of social orgamaations from Dean of Men M. L. FteheL “1^ S
Student Senate
Discusses
Smoking Rule yoteTo Contliiiie Diive To Protect Campiis
Lawns'.y
In an effoif to eliminate smoking in campus; areas feStncted tradition, President SYank Stoner of the Student Senate, appointed a Committee with the full power of the Senate to exert force in this dire^on at a meeting of the or-:-ganization in the Memorial Union Building last night. No definite ac-; tion was made by the coinmitfee, consisting of J. W. Townsend, chairman, C. G. Elliott, and J; C. Esterline, at a session following the regular Senate meeting. The section of the campus in question includes aU grounds south of the road running through the middle of the campus frbm the' north side of the Civil Building to the Armory, leaving open to smokr ing only the triangle north of that
road. ■
Snggestitois
Suggestions for preserving the “no smoking” tradition proffered by members of the Senate included: President Stone suggested timt members of tbe various campus brgahizations remind a man when he
(Continued on page 2)
SLOlaf GLoir To Sing Here Minnesota Sing^ To Appear On April 23 Since its first tour .fia 1920, the St. Olaf Choir, which wiU appear in Eliza Fowler HaU April 23, has risen steadily in prominence till it now occupies a unique place in the music world. Each year the choir travels from one end of the oouhtiy to thq other, using spemal railroad cars for speed and comfort. The choir, one of the three fmest iii the world, according to critiQS and music leaders, has traveled 86,000 miles in the past 25 yeqrs. Paul G. Schmidt, veteran manager, has; covered the distance at least twiceGiving concerts annually in all the large cities of the United States the organization has brought the town of Northfield, Minnesota, ite home, prominence from coast to
coast.' ■
NO MIXER SATURDAY In observance of Holy Week, there will be no social activities in the Union Building during this week-end;
organizations are the controlling toctors in this affair,” the letter stated, ‘‘dnd t teust give f^ coopetofibn so that so far as ybuf chapter % desirable feature will be ekbiMted. If your chapter expects to have a breakfast after the dauce, you. should arrange for your ehaper<m.«» and also notify this office.”losB-ms -- DlstrihiiW OOEftEIGEATS DIUBSY
Wkmhmt at NatittsM Gallesie Fveae AemetoGon, Big Ten ^torial AModathm BxdBalvaisr .Rapiretoiited'liv National AdvcMdhg Barviea, Ine. 480 Madison Avenna. New'Yoitc Giiv
: nt Ma vost office. Lafs^rotto* Indiana. 'DolInMd bv. rp“”. .f°far jnw; delivered bv carrier, IB.BO ver gear s eold by single cot>y, S.eente, ;,
MAIN North FifM Street . . . BnrincM Ffaone 6088 Editorial Phone 8087
Daily Stnd^t PnlillGation of Posidue Universiil
y
FLASH! FLASH!! FLASH!!!! Ansop Weeks pnd ©uy LpjtpWdp
will pipy a of m^i<j fpy Ike pighjt pt I’M in
Alexander To Speak 1 ^ »• ' h4S s/ ^ r
Hi
cial Experiment*’, and G. E. Gould on “Muck Crop Insects in Indiana” at the regular monthly meeting, of the Entomology Soc|ety tomorrow
jtp^ltpjiAtAyy;
Wi TL Himt, B.Ta.
Waltkor,
longing Editor. ^|l|^ato,Sditony
Spdrto Editor.: _ Astociate Sports Bditoae|.....;-..v.......I-.i..~.4~;^~~--P^ P, Mtill, Ik SL Wfilppl^ ^ D* fcplKXBMsra Asaisttarts TA' TB0neft^ J. g, Erpcka Af ■ ; .|rv a P.ASw>fen. Ik' Bold and A.,Ab^.
' BUSING 8TAPP \ ■• •■•• Aa'.Soeb
iS P. Aptoinipi' ..CT Brown* Jt, t- % Pl^
..R; J. HuIb«
Trees: ‘Tou’v# a faculty for mpk-
JBL y. Heoaer ii\g Jpve.”
GHnim; “Ph, no—just a student
body.”
Tentative #te al Hall. Id?. pared a bulletin on muck crop insects, following a " -■ * ‘ ’
entomological picmn will alsd 'l^ (liecusBed.
Business HanagerAdvertising SSanagerA^ertising Assistants.. Oircalstion lianneg«.__
Direnlatibn Assistants......—
...J. 6. Girard, G. B. SUeliU
BditorAssoeiate Editors. Advertising Manager. Soj^inorg Assistanto.
. fpgce ^illiaips
BTAff
Woleiri Gr<H»ek, Edna Hutson, Ellen Maiin -..Josephine Pakins
. .....J^n Brpiyh, jean ^aiu^psek, jiariorie Louis, J)bi& EUen M<kiarta^, ElizAhetU Pgke, Esther Tiurley,
We<3n6si|a3r, Aprfl 8, 1930.
Today’s ftiyipwnqemiDpt that tho Junior Promlia^ been postponed for two weefes will brin& forth many groans from Boilermaker throats as the necessity arises to re-airange all the plane whieh have been m:ade, write and wire to the dates that will undoubtedly come to Lafayette for tli6 dance, and reschedule the many other things which have already been planned. Throughout the year there have been many notable cases of ■ ‘ealendaritis”, when conflicting dates made it necessary to hold two or more ail-campus events at the same time, or to schedule them at such a time that a success Was impossible. But never before during this year or during several previous years has there been a change that will arouse so much critical comment among the members of the student body as this morning’s announcement by the Prom comofiittee. Evidently, every possible effort hnd been made by those directly responsible for the dance to secure a popolar orchestra for the occasion, and,, failing to do so, it ,was necessary •§o contract a mediocre organization of postpone the date of the dance.. Another change that will undoubtedly arrest the attention of Prom^goers is the chaiige in the time for the close of the dance. Last year marked the beginning of time restrictions . on co^s, which was . made necessai^,- .evidently, by the, auto crash which oecured following the prom of’34. Following the announcement of the change by the committeej a typical cross-section of the student body and the heads of student activities were contacted by the Exponent in an effort to determine the student reaction to the additional restriction. A somewhat apathetic attitude was found in every instance regarding the time that dates nnder the jurisdiGtion of the University must return to their places of residence, Wt the one thin^ that was highly resented in every case was the fact that it was done without any regard to the student body. Administrative officers of the University undoubtedly have the undisputed right to issue an order that dances must begin and end at specified times, but so long as the Prom is given by students and for the eijjoyment of students, the least that could be expected is that a representative group be consulted. - Prom, is-^r was—'the one time during the year when the usual is forgotten. The pocketbooks of upperclassmen receive huge dents, instructors-r-Hor rather, most of them-—wink at sleeping students in early Saturday morning classes, and the general atmosphere points to a week-end of enjoyment. Um necessary restrictions are eliminated and a danfee rules the day. ■ Possibly a 3 o’clock dajice will be better than those of previous years. There are numerous disadvantages to the restriction. It will entirely eliminate or change the usual Prom breakfasts by sororities which have become an integral part of the dance; it will necessitate the driving by night instead Of daylight for those who leave Lafayette; and, needless to mention, it will cut down the dancing time for those who would prefer a longer dance. It also places a thorn in the side of the Exponent inasmuch as arrangements had just been completed to publish a special Prom edition during the dance -—a feat that has not been attempted for ten years. Undoubtedly those who made the change have good reasons for the move, but at the present time they are not evident. If the upperclassmen who attend the dance want shorter hours, the closing hour should bo advanced, but if Mary’s Aunt Nellie from Stone Junction requests shorter hours, Aunt Nellie should see that Mary goes home that week-end.
“What great stretch of Igiiul was bought by IT. S,?'’ Was a T pi^ to a; ebUege
profess.
“Alaska,” he answered—^but if hei’s got to guess, rp ;t^k-CT:inysel|.V: .^■ -r-Grlmson 'n White. FL^SEf! !! Nob% will play for Prom piid it*)| ba 4, lp36. A Scotchmt^p iroiu GWo fltatb fries his bacon in iLlT^ tp ka®P it from shrinking. (Ed: The Linofes^e operator Biay change shrinking to atihl^g ... ip which case wo 'iVDOpBtJRY the
bacon.)
“Rat” MpAdoo, Sigpia aats Ken-el-Eation ... Beware his bark. Helpful hints in kissing co-eds: 1. Never try to kiss two coreds at the same time. Petty jealousies are apt to arise. 2. Don’t try to drive and kiss too. Bumpy roads make lumpy tongues. 3. Shut your eyes. It’s best that you don’t see what you’re getting. 4. Always return the girl’s chewing gum. It is both cowardly and dishonest to do otherwise. 6. Keep a stiff upper lip—this is no place for weaklings. ...
—Oleo.
SPLASH!!! Prom!
There will be no
1, ’19 Grad'
Reid L. Kenyon, ’19, research metallurgist in the American Rolling Mill Company of Middletown, Ohio, will speak on the “Si^ficance of Testing of Steels”, before a meeting of the local chapter of the A. I. Ch. E, tomorrow evening, at 7:80 o’clock in room 106 of the Chemical Building. Mr. Kenyon, who has been engaged in lab research for over sixteen yeare, will give a practical presentation correiating tests with performance of steels. In his speech he will discuss three main topics: satisfactory samples, approved methods, and correlation of results with experience. The talk will be of interest to mechanical and civil engineers as well as chamicals.
SENATE(Continued from page 1) is seen smoking ip a restricted area. “When a man is found smoking, carry him to the lily pond and drop him gently in,” offered Glenny. Robbins suggested placing a hired man on the campus to stop smoking. Renew Grass Campaign The Senate will continue its efforts towards keeping the. Oval and other lawns of the campus intact by replacing the “keep off the grass” signs which have been destroyed by students, it was decided. Lillian Peterson suggested putting up two strands of wire in front of the megt worn S. R., Wirih, who is in charge of the signs, stated that they did not serve their purpose at heat^ en’^ paths and that something more effective was needed at these places. Against Distingnished; Bnttohs: A motion by MaePhersph that the Senate go oh record as %ery much out of favor” with Pi:esident Elliott’s proposal that distinguished students be given a button or some distinctive crest was carried. Remarks that this rePognition would be "binjust” and “discouragr ing” to inferior students, and would create “jealopsy” and “animosity” between 'toe distinguished and nondistingnished students accompanied the discussion preceding the motion. X ^ ■
Take advantage of our last classes of season. Beginners’ Opens Wed., April 16, 7:30 p. m. Advanced Opens Friday, April 17, 7:3Q p. m. Indiana’s Lareest Danebig Sdhool ft Fewy
:
ograph work done. 0. F. Ebersh^, 606 Main St Phone 1779. » ost-|-Black grip at Wabash deSuBday- altemppn, Initials W, . McN. Call W. T. McNaughtoii Reward.
wrist watch* Oafl' Hr Timherlake, 4919.
Student Room-p-Large frent, dom for Ag students. 322 Waldron. 66102.
Chamberlin’s Special Fpr This Week-r-Macaroon and VanWla, Order it, it’s delicious.
NOTICES N* aotlcM aemttod aftw • p. m;
Sasjteli 1 Stodeitts, First dente Vjio C’fl for iVs.’gro>nMi#. or di^e?Vt'itfi)ieir 'sbould' Atof tht spec.iAl oliisaea in -these jebtsi hefwe tOkiiiK the next maliieiup' efcaniinatipn. Attendance ’ :st ' these - iproio) classes is yolu'ntory. Me meets each Blpnclay eyeniim st 4 o’pjpeh;: ia room BIS. hecitaiaoh Buildmg. MO groiiiVJftF mpsts Wpdh^dw St 4 o’ploOlf, in room 813 Kecitatioh BuUdihs^.: Me' theme«loss JVOeta Friday at 4 o’clock,Vin room 813* Becitation Building;. Me rclass in mpyVs^tiPV the only and Snal opporr tunitV; for students -with G’s'ih theiine-wnt-ing to remoyg ’ lhis sppditipn, jregarillpSs of Vho their instructor vras last semester. ■ English I atndents. Second Semester.—' Students who failed Me recent grammar 1 spelling are n.rged to attend tfee untary classes in'tfaese subjects, in order to preparo for tt® make-np tests. Me spelling, class meets Mondays at 4 o’clock, ip room 818, Becitation Bdilding. Me gram.?nPF ploss njeetS Wednesdays at 4.o’clock, in room 818, BOcitation Building. ■ . May Day-rrGIrpupa 1 aad W the tower room of the Union at 4 tomorrow. Wear pyactiieo clones. —BOLLEE.
lAST 'TIMES fQBAj
Edw. Everett Horton
Frank Parkw in “SWEET SURRENDER”
Thursday Friday - Saturday Buck Jon^ in “FOR: THE SERVICE”
ght. Topic—Ancient anj
t-fe.'.V’., h'n
' ii 1 ; J
cabinet following Me ^meeting .’an Dean Stratton's liome. Tronsbortatton wUl be. furnished to and ftom ^ receptton.^^ w.ia!'L’ ' *
ant rehos onse. —MU
at 7
night.
lupy. ‘: i 7:80 to--McKEE.
Eta kappa Nn—Formal initiation at'4:80 today in rooms 1 and 2 of Mo Union. —BJiLLpWSv 1.^**!??. ^tePortant meeting tonight .S'!:-inv-roana:’'F■ of'.Me'Union.:iriedglng'of new men, —GARDNER. Bhysiein SdneaUmTTe- «—— tration for spying spor :at';4, Mis" afternopn, i;;
, ,3pen;
fnetien At 4 tot-pfaeticeS:'
..cuBwa*-;*. —KELI^Y. Tan Beta Pi—Important meeting at 8 toniorrow in room 1 of Union.
^-BURNHAM-
W. A. A.—Intra»nur,al managers meet at 4 today. —HUMPHREYS. Froslman Ei^neera—Meet for englneening leetnxes at 11 totooirow bVildimieM follo^i-^^siqn Ar,-U* E: BBfldihg^^ sjoa %-Mlchael Goldnn Shops i dlvIsioa iOfe E. E. Building; division D-^M* B. Sdading.
—KNAPP.
raw In std^hasement-
^ GHder :Clnb---Sho|4 wofk' session at 4 day, to movo inig a new ga*n^. F^wt at tov^car gn?^e< .Scneduled 'meeting topigSt postponed until tomorrow at 7 in Me Uni^ reception; room, —W<RJD. ^ArMery Ufe-^eeping at V fe lliV Women’s Gym'.tonight.: ■ ' ■ -^-i-uEE.:- _ Purdue Engineer^Men assigned to collection of subscriptions will complete Meir Wprk and tepcrt in Engineer ngito 'Imday. Lilly. Chi l^ilon—Meeting tonight at 7 :80 in tower room of Union. Election Of pledges. .r-Ci^gAB-" toortswomen-r-lmportant meeitog at 4 tomerrow ip Me vr. A. A-
LAST ;:TftSES:::4©D^:
PACKLD WITH
aBd :sSsr8§
TOMORROW - FRIDAY Claire Trevor ■ Paul Kelly . )NG AND DANCE MAN”
. and CHARLES B.ICKFORD in
Why call that recently experienced period jather i indication; it must be the calendar.
of grace, give no
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
Idle Moments' Time is in great demand in nJl walks pf life^ but especially is this true among college student^-or so tliey say. Ope pf the most frequent comments heard on the capipus ip that
Where does our time go? First, let us analyze it from a purely JURthenaRtical basis. There are 168 hours in a week. If we devptf 66 pf these to sleep, 21 to eating, and approximately 30 to ciase attendance, there remain 61 hours which may be called our own. How we use those *’spare’^ hours will determine just hpw much time wie really have and what we can expect tp accomplish. As students, whether actually such or in name only, out*.
eonsidemrioB. In this we may well be guided by Commente pade recently by Professors Walter and Hockema, both of whom Advocated the spending of at least 30 hours a week '^bver the books”. to use those ex . , , student, Do"'we .’spend'too much ttoe in bmi^^ listening to the radio, going to i.S.
. nAST TIBSES TODAY
a
the surface. It is built into every part of the car—in those things you see and those that are hidden. We say it with assuranee—because it has been the experience of so many millions of drivers— that many months after your irst ride you will still be saying—^‘I’m glad I bought a Ford,” The Ford Motor Company Is not content with ordinary specifications for materials. Its own standards of quality car like this—.yet die price lor many imjportant parts are of the Ford W 8 remains low^ considerably higher than Ford manufacturing methods usually accepted standards. save many dollars for Ford Ford valves are an example owners — and Mng ineTcar of this extra value. They are quality within the rcacli o| inade of a nicfecl-chrome every one who drlvill#
chromium, 13 % nickel and 2% silicon. This unusually high alloy content increases resistance to heat—insures more efficient, economical performance and longer life. Intake valves, as well as exhaust valves, are made of this more expensive steel in the Ford V-8. It is one of several good reasons why the Ford engine is singularly f iree of valve troubles. It costs us more to build a
RICHARD AELEN in “THE GALhpG OF : Dan MATHEWS’^ ■ * .jaCEHAI^Y ' in “F-MAN” '
O MPA N V^ A* ^{
■W|>f,
1 %■ ^ .r* '"’'i
;>1 3v
. f «./ •«F' * y >, ^
^ ill.
Tff'* « ' Va
/n f
J
V
si^K
>!t
V ->41!? * / >i f fi
t 3 i
I
>i. 4
tlfs' Sxl»^H3$tr#
byi
i>, G ^Tlji ^ J *
3i}- <? ^ 4^ J:^ •> P- >1'-^ ^ ff r^ j
^ A , fu t ,
iffej C
..I
i -yfSjt
Al** A A'W
sSyi*
f ^ / V, '*
^s:
jfi
\( “f f
%
itaHMiP
SQUAD OPENS HOME SCHEDULE
Lamb^Hmexi peet Carleton Nine Today indemmt ^onMom ttmdimp jB^iier>
makers in Barly Brills
^ , Iby H^istroitt "
The P«s?^ Will ap]®w^|m56 the comin|ir s^eason this aftemooh at 4 o’clock Whea they meet 0ayjeton ipollege at tk# n^th end of Ijnttamural Held. |iecaifS0 the weather ihan got Ms seasons mixed up slightly Qomh'^sird luamhart hasn’t had as piuch time to Whip Ms team into shapS as he would ~ ■■;-;u-;.vt..,; 'V-yD i
like to have had, hut the boys ^re rpundlng into shape now an^ gjy looking forward to anpthsrgppds^^son. Win Hav^ Hands Fall Coa^ Max^hall Diebolds’ Oarleton nine, wMch opened its season against Hlinois last gatin’day is expected to give ythe Boilermakers plenty to do especially in view of our teams' present batting average of .148> accumulated during the southed tdp. Some highlights of the Louisiana Teeh a^es were Fat Malaska's divipg, pn$>-to3ided patch of a potential triple, Carrol Mangas' hitting, and Harry Krause's catching. In all, that southern jaunt gave the hoys some much needed experience which should profit them greatly.
H^eryes
Purdue's hurling staff consists of ‘TiCf^' Martin, Boh Rosser, Glen Powney, and “Lefi^' Bartz, and, although they were hit rather freply last week, they can be expected to show much improvement in the poming series. For backstops, in addition to Harry Krause, who carries thu brunt of the burden, kam bert has Horan and Glen Scrivnor; for reserve infielders he has John-
ny Bines and Chu^ ^^mon, Late rumors have it that thp tilt
may be uallpd og, tmt up to #te it is still pn spheduip. Qf fSoprsu, it urpuid he a gruat help t® ^ bus'P if the ground would thaw out and give them a chance to. play without
their fur coals* ■' V ' —
Bacharach
To Box
Domer’s Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6060
wa5=
Enters Amateur Bout At Indianapolis Steve Bacharach, only member of the Purdue Golden Gloyes boxing team to survive the Lafhyette finals, Will be in a group of five from Lafayette who will box in Indianapolis tomorrow night at Tom-
linson Hall.
These five will be matched with five Indianapolis boxers in the weekly amateur bouts which are held preliminary to the main bout of the evening. Bacharach will fight in the 160 pound class.
Other Four
The other four men who wiU fight under the direction of R. R. Hrooks, local promoter, are Sock Kurtz, 176; Bob Wallace, 147; Carl Hamilton, 136, and Hay Brown, 112 Three of these fighters, Bacharach, Kurtz and Brown, were members of the local Golden Gloves team which competed at Chicago
this year.
Which One Is Really Dangerous?
IM napoleon! y—
Breek Golf Meet Ap]^ 15 Tourney Wm Be BM On MuniciptA Links ' Ignoring the defhiite prospect of a winlry June, the intramnrul department has announced that fratei^ity mass golf will get under Way next Wednesday. Bchedoled to start this week, the sport has been delayed a week in the hope the weather man would get Ids signals shraigMdned out and would he ready nekt week to pro vide weather more conducdave to golf than to chilblains and ice skat-
ing.
All matches are to be played at the Public Golf Course, each fraternity paying the green fee of 26 cents per entry for nine holes. The fees are to be paid at the intramural ofiice, the tickets being distnbuted when the entry blanks are turned in. Compete In Foursomes Each man will compete over the mne holes at the time designated by the intrammral office. Probably most of the matches will be listed for 4 o'clock in the afternoon. AH contestants are to go out m four somes, and there is to be only one man from any fraternity in group. Score sheets for each round are to be signed by the player's opponent. i Mr. Linne, manager of the course, will be in charge of the matching. Fraternities with few^ than SO men are to enter at least one-third of their membership ,Whiie fraternities with memberships greater than 30 are required to enroll one fourth of their total number. The score for each organization will he determined by the quotient of the total number of strokes divided by the number of men playing. handsome cup will be awarded the winning fraternity, while each member of the winning team will receive a medal, providing at least fifteen fraternities enter. All entry blanks should be re-* turned to the intramural office not later than Saturday mormng, order that play may begin as soon as possible next week. Any changes in the personnel of the team may be made by phoning the intramural office. Each fraternity entering the play will receive twenty-five participation points towards the Ml Year Trophy, while five points will be awarded to the winning team aud three to the runner-up.
Pistol Teams Win 3 Te%aTliic Meets Purdue's varsity and freshman |:ua»»s Mti ee»t in three matches held the week before Vacation, according to anuatmounce-* m^t made yestejfday. Wis<Jonsjn was downed, 1,372 tO l,Sl9, by the yarsHy in a telegraphic match shot Slarch !g6. On the same da^ the freshman team scored a wifi ovmr the Badger frosh by a score of 1^0
to 1,205.
On March 27, Missouri was defeated 1,^70 to 1,348 by the varsity team. Since the targets for each team must be exclmnged and checked and then the results sent by mail, the returns from thesd matches necessarily come in late.
fM SIR MALCOLM
The driytr PUly hUS the prlyilege of using the streets and highways as long as he dPf s So in a Proper manner. Notwithstanding that tills prineiide Is generally recognized. It seems to be difficult to rid the streets and highways of the careless and reckless driver. It seems to be the Impression, In theory »» WoU as in praotioe, that a person should to peraaStted to drive as he Pleases as long fMi he is able to pay for the injuries gr damages be oausaaThe fellow wl^o, fof example, thipke he's Napoleon—everyone knows the Wpe-—isn't allowed to run loose. Not at all. Byen if such a person isn’t put somewhere ti> he «urM. he Is not permitted to play around with podaiSf reus ^ hew hhout the driver who .wn'ii—"i ■""» 11.
Tt^Otrt Ipt. Cp, Seniet. thinks he’s Sir Maloolm Oampbell? That is the fellow who thinks that ho can da anywhere from 60 to lOO miles an hour on the highway, and very often does. Shouldn't society demand that such a driver he kept out of oiroulatlouf The answer to that question will depend largely upon how many thi“h they are cap* able of drivinf at excessive speeds. People haye hosn heard to say, ''Well, maybe wbat you pay about
admits he may he a little under par at times. Often the more under par a driver may happen to be, the more he is likely to think he’s a Bk Mai* ecdm ©ampbsll, fm0» m Usm ‘way.
Burglar Steals Watch, $67 From Beta House A thief entered the Beta Theta Pi fraternity bouse at 160 Littleton Street early yesterday morning, ransacked several rooms and es caped with $67 and a valuable watch. One of the members of the organization reported that he heard someone in the halls at about 1:30 o’clock but paid no attention, thinking it was one of the brothers.
Shim Up Your Horseshoes Tharps CompeHtion Ahead
% L. II. Wood.
Bariiymrd golf they call tt flconn horseshoe ]tifch£dgriy#||afup^n^
% /
BiUiard Team Captures Cup Triumphs Over Men From 54 Umversities
Intercollegiate billiards, after an inereasHig growth during the past six years, is now a huge success, admittedly to Purdue, which this year won the Gar Wood cup, given by the celebrated speed boat king and builder, for the team of five men winning in competition over 64 other university teams, ail playing the Chart Shots stipulated by the National Billiard Association and reporting results by telegraph under the auspices of the Association of University Unions. The University team this year also brought home from Madison, Wisconsin, the silver cup presented by Percy Collins, former National Amateur Billiard Champion, apd the present secretary of the National Billiard Association; the University three man team having defeated Wisconsin decisively by a score of six games to four, at straight rail billiards.
Candidates
Candidates for the next year’s team are now undergoing tryouts contesting individually for prizes given by the billiard room in the Union BuUding. Competition is by classes of 1937, '88, and '39, and selection of the team will be from final matches between the best in each class. Any player may entOT now and try for high scores, as many times as he pleases, all playing the new chart shots. The same conditions will apply to chart shot pocket billiards and the three cushions game.
places, but the intrdmural depart-* burnt imhm Ok Oppellatiob of horseshoes. Mt Ouy It idl boill down to the same thing-—the ab* teiupt to inveigle a curved piece pf
steel to hook around a peg. A couple of weeks ago, before
the present cpld wdve sei^ in, the merry ring of steel against steel could he heard on every side as the hocsephoe Pitekerp ll^heying up the soupbone fOr the coming season. Now, however, all is changgiven up the^ first love for the less strenuous, but vtmrmer, ‘Tiridgo”
strenuous, but warmer, “bridge’
tables.
“Leaners And Ringers” Spring is absolutely and officially here when the boys start raking off the winter’s accumulation of leaves, sticks and other debris and begin talking of “leanprs”, “dose ones don’t count”, “ringers”, and the other phrases Which definitely stamp the game a great outdoor
sport.
The sport is truly a “down-to-earth” game. No other athletic endeavor so closely relates pure physical sport with the matter-of-fact-ness of agriculture and Mother Nature. The true horseshoe pitcher can not be overly fastidious, and to really belong in this great athletic fraternity, one should revel in the feel of good, solid earth imder foot, the dirt which adheres to the shoes and the cheerful plunk which accompanies a perfect ringer as it setties over the peg. Reahzmg the close kipship of all men to the earih and knovring that
let for those who long to hold com** mipiioir witii Mother Natuce, utirgmuibl ha» htiBi ten couris along the east of fhe A^ttorT, add had all tli^ pemp $ary eqtnpm^^t, wMch tnay ho cheeked out the enthusiast at the office at anv time. Fraternities with horseshoe pitching fadlities of ttdr own maemrged to begin preparations for the ±ta^ temity tournament. AU members of each organization are to compete in a singes tournament within the fratemitir. AtUetic manage ers should send their memher^p lists to the intramural q£EU» and there the pairings will be made. At the condusion of this tournament a doubles team should be~.selected from the most likdy candidates to be entered in the fratemitiT league
competition.
Eight games will be played In regular league play wjth the eight best teams being picked to iduy in single elimination tournament. The usual medals and partidpation points will be awarded the winners.
'^RVICE
RINTING Offle* Slaiionwy . ^ Weddhig Invitations PHONE - MW
2 6 2 8 CASSEL’S 408ihERRy^'
PATRONIZE EXPONENT ADVERTISERS
G. Gold Forms Music Apprcciatloii Group As an outgrowth of the discus sion group, a new music apprecia tion class is being organized by G. Gold, graduate student. Plans are being made to have one meeting a week, probably on Sunday, Tor the purpose of studying and learning to appreciate various types of music. These meetings will be open to all interested students. Competent persons will be brought in to discuss and introduce the music, and records will he used extensively. The date of the first meeting will be announced in the near future.
\
DEAC HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EBUCATION H. 6. REISNER
Prink Milk for More Energ;^
Call JOHNSON Phoue 41332
j
Milk is your best food— it’s packed full of nutritive elements that your body needs. Rich in minerals and rich in food value, it’s body-building and energy building.
OHNSON’S DAIRY
Wednesday, April 8th, 1 to 5:30 p. m. DEWENTER’S Newfy Remodeled and Redecorated Store 416 MAIN STREET LAFAYETTE
■ y '
Netp Spring Showing of Nationally Known Men*s
Furnishings That fpr fears Bave Made
Dewenter^s the Isadin§t Men^s Store
1
—Stetson Hats —Dobbs Hats —Melton Pa j# —^American Bats —Arrow Shirts —Cheney Ties
—^Lnstray Shl^fS —^Interitroven Pose —Fawltlt^s Pa|ain«lf —D'OreayTies -v-VanPeosen Pajamas -Wilson Pros, Slilris. Shorts
-r-rAnnw Sbirt8>^Hiorts *«**Bidbok Snap, and Bdha —B-V-D Shirts-^Sborts —Arrow Pandkerehiefa -r-Pnritan Sweaters ^Arrow THes -.-Bradley Sweaters —Arrow Collars -r-Lamb Knit Sweatesw
Radars tp fhpsa 4Hepd$n0 Om Fprm^ Qpetm$
f V, * > kJ ^ i 4V ^ i )
Cosmopolitan Club To Give Program Api^ 30 “International Night”, sponsored by the University Cosmopolitan club, will he held in the ballroom of the Union on Thursday, April 30. The program has been planned to include dances of various countries by natives ip their native dress. A cosmopolitan array of songs has also been arranged by the committee in charge -of the evening of entertainment. Tickets for the program are priced at 25 cents for general admission and 36 cents for reserved seats. General admission ducats will be placed on sale Saturday at the Union desk. Dene's, and Southworth’s. Reserved seats may be obtained from A. F. Futoohe!^ chairman.
/ >
A
iJIssue Editor—-Doris L. McCartney.
MM
im
es
Professors Return From Vacation Tours
Prof, and Mrs. F. H. Hodge, of North Main Street, have returned home after spending the spring vacation motoring through southern Indiana. In the comse of the trip they visited Hanover College and Vincennes. Prof, and Mrs. James Troop have also returned home after a spring vacation trip to the home of their daughter, Mrs. 0. H. Sears, and family of Champaign, 111.
Co-ed Rush Rule Changes Proposed
Sorority Houses Present Reco m mend ationsToWomen's Pan
Changes in the px'esentrush rules of sororities as set down by the Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council have been under consideration since the early part of the year and were read in sorority chapter meetings Monday night. Recommendations from the various houses were reported at yesterday’s Pan meeting and will be placed under consideration by the special committee un der the chairmanship of Sally SchalF, president of the Kappa house. The tentative rules will be refered again to the various chapters next Monday night. The rules under consideration would change the length of the rush period from the present three day session to one of approximate ly two weeks in length and would also provide that the rush be held following the opening of school, instead of before actual classes start Several other changes are incorporated in the proposals.
\VAA: Anriounces Spring SportS:
House Groups
Increased Numbers Create Go liege Atmosphere
Spring is here, and with it comes the new spring sports season for W. A. A. The range of activities is wide, and varies enough to interest every girl in at least one or two divisions. The spring sports offered are: baseball, in charge of Regina Kelly; tennis, directed by Frances Rieth; tumbling and track, under the leadership of Martha Walker; archery, led by Irene Boehm; golf, in charge of Mildred Fitch; and hiking, directed by Barbara Dobson. The initial practices for each sport are being held this week and all girls interested should sign up before the end of the week.
During the past winter the W. S. G. A. residence committee has investigated all types of housing now in use on this campus with the exception of sorority houses. It was made very evident that the larger houses hold many more advantages for the girls. Larger houses places a greater responsibility on the landlady both for the enforcement of roles and the cr^lion of an atmosphere of homelike congeniality, and at the same time this type house helps create college life for the students. The committee goes so far as to suggest compulsory organization of houses of five or more students, namely in order to receive the benefits that the organization, which a larger house Would make necessary, would offer. This unit of organization would also diminish the problem of unorganized girls living in private homes. It is felt that the small houses should be done away with except of the cases where girls particularly request residence in them. The committee has found that as a general rule every girl should live in a large house at some time during her college career. Go-op Housing The cooperative house seems to have advantages over other types of housing for girls in that it is less expensive, is conveniently located, is entirely for co-eds, is supervised, and the girls learn to work and live with one another. The cooperative house supervisor should be older, too, because an older person does not have too many outside interests. Above them all stands the Residence Hall as the ideal place to live on this campus. The cultural background and the privileges that each girl has at her fingertips as well as all the, necessities tend to make it the most advantageous. The expenses do run considerably higher than those outside rooming houses, but more girls might be able to live there if they could board outside as the board is the highest item on the budget. The presence of upperclassmen to direct the freshmen and transfer women in their activities and to give advice would prove very helpful. The criticisms of this committee have been constructive so far as possible but they wish to urge more than anything else—-more room for women!
The Easter Parade
To We co-eds spring vacitioh is Bidre than: just a week of hot at^teild-, ing classes. It is a very logical time to Work On duf pari^te’ Sympathy and show them how absolutely run dowh is their tbughter’s W^ Can you blamei uS? Who has ever si^n a season’s collectiqn Of iidothes that were more colorful, more imaginative and in more unuSttai fabrics and styles? Let’s discuss a few of our number that did well by their week of promoting. Betty Ann Florer (alfaki) chose a manhiSh tailored suit; which has a blue and whit shepherd ehecked jacket that is guaranteed to go over “big” with Morris. Mary Helen Theiss (of Kappa Big fame) came
back wi^h just gobs and gobs of new clothes. One of the outetai^ng additions to her hew wardrobe is a light tan Swagger coat with a matching fur collar. All the Kappas are jealous of Painter’s light wool suit of navy blue with fur trimming. Bosom-friend Richey was mot,: to be outdone and is the proud owner of new mousseline de soie formal in white with a blue printed foreground. Theta Gowns . Theta Darrough did very well by herself. A few of her conquests are a stunning formal of American beauty red chiffon and a navy blue crepe suit with a femininizing touch of white organdie ruffles at the neck and sleeves. Lura Sherry acquired a tailored black Jinen evening dress, edged in pink grosgrain ribbon. At the pifi. house Roe crashes through with a striking violet chiffon formal dramatized by contrasting red velvet. Audrie Blow, hoping that either BreWer or Soles likes green, promotes an attractive green printed silk dress With a finger length wpol matching jacket. As for qur W. Ri H. friends—one would expect Georgianna Pittman to choose a brown sport suit with broWn accessories “offset” by a torquoise blue blouse. Alfazee Elliott wears a gray fitted coat, red blouse, and a chic nayy hat. Here we are again- at the Chi Omega house viewing a lovely white quilted taffeta formal with just enough green suede trimming. Of course, it belongs to Beauty Queen Nilson. : Jean Hanley We as yet haven’t talked to Jean Hanley, but .we heard that she selected her wardrobe last week for her European trip in June. These are just a few of the many striking outfits that we:i^ acquired at various smart shops. .If you want to;see the remainder of the stunning collec*^ tion of new spring clothes—why not join the parade that files through the Union Easter Sunday?
Yooiig Desigrier Has New icieas About Formal Attire For Nen
stiff black with stiffer white andj a small spot of black—that’s what makes our Purdue Boilermaker look so uncomfortable when he dresses for Prom. If he wishes to be comfortable he must give up either his social activities or, better yet, that eternal pride in man. For many years, men have been designing clothes for women, and women wear them and love it, but never have men even considered listening to women in the matter of dress. Now, after years of suffering in stiff black and white, our eds have the opportunity to go to Prom and still be comfortable. Elizabeth Hawes, young but still very outstanding for her unusual creations, has designed what she would have the well-dressed man wear. In place of the stiff white front and small black tie of the tuxedo. Miss Hawes would have the man wear a silk shirt with an ascot and a cape to replace the top-epat. “Why Vests Anyway?” For business or school, get a linen shirt. It will have a band around the neck but no tie, and a wide webbing belt replaces a waist-
coat. As Miss Hawes says, “Why vests anyway ? Stupid, superfluous things, I’d like to see them piled up, or laid end to end or something. And I’d like to set fire to the lot, along with collars and ties. Why do men wear fences around their necks ? Most men look as if they’re ready to choke.” The golf outfit has as its supreme requisite, comfort. The twin sweaters, top slacks, but the fullness of the slacks is taken away by the tucking in the ribbed stockings. Sounds interesting, doesn’t it? At least it would relieve the girl from watching her date stretch his neck from the noose all evening. Miss Hawes plans to dress twenty men in her type evening clothes and go with them to the theatre. Think of it, no stiff white front!
Risk Dental Gllitlc
PAULA. SISK KOBEKT G. RISK HAROLD J. RISK LUTHER A-RISK ; 400 Schnltz Bldx. Phone 5701 Coirner 4th and Main
New Constitution For Referees
Regina Kelley, chairman of the Women’s Local Official Basketball Board, will present the constitution for the newly formed board at the meeting to be held in the Women’s Gym, tomorrow at 5, o’clock. At this meeting the theoretical basketball exam will be given, and all those having a grade of 80 or better will be eligible to take the practical exam in basketball officiating, The time for this exaihination will be aimounced later.
Co-ed$ Relairri Froiii Ghicago Tour Co-eds in H. A. ilO and H. A. 34 classes returned from Chicago last night after an inspection of the Juvenile Court, Hull House and the Children’s Clinic. They were accompanied by Prof. Laura Partch and Miss Helen Duff, of the home administration department.
Spring Permanents , . . ; ' $1.50 to 10,00 Real Values in Beauty ; DOYLES HOME BEAUTY
Phone 2331
Vonntr enongh to be theoretical; old enough to be practical.
RICHAED J. BATH WATCHMAKER 608 Main St.
SPECIAL CO-ED NOTICE!
Prom isn’t far away—- why not be ready-for it? Get your spring permanent now. We have four experienced operators to do your work. Remember our CO-ED DAY every Thursday. We can also give you the latest styles for finger waves.
: Kienly Bea-atylSIioi* Phone 7727 662 Main St.
Here’s Paging Good News for Young Figures
Pure dye “Amorosa” Satin Slips, guaranteed seams. Tailored and lace trimmed models .$1.98 Pnre silk crepe slips, shadow paneL guaranteed seams; tea rose and white ....$1,98 Panties in sheeer fabrics for summer; white and tea rose..50c, 59c, 75c Rayon Pajamas, one- and twopiece styles; dark and pastel color combination $1.00 Print Pajamas, two piece; gay prints and checks; guaranteed colors ...$1.19 Rayon knit slips, shadow panel, brassier top, pre-shrunk material... ...$i.op Satin stripe rayon combination suits, brassier top,wbitepnly....$1.00
In UnionTomorrow
Easter services will be held in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building tomorrow at 4 o’clock. These sei*vices, Vfhidh are under the aUspicqs of Y. 'VT; G, A.; are open to dvetydne. The program Will begin with a harp prelude by Jayne Befinewitz after which thq call to worship will be given by Patricia Jones. Pellbwing this two seilections will be sting by a quartet from the University Cbncert Choir epniposed of Mary Friend, soprano; Jean Harding, alto; Paul Worcester, tenor; and Wendel C. Compton, bass; and accompanied by J, Robert Hammond. Mr. T. K. Noss, of the education department, will be the speaker.
YWCA To Install New Officers
Installation services for the newly elected officers and cabinet members of Y. W. C. A. will be held in the faculty, lounge tomorrow afternoon immediately after the Easter worship service. The officers to be installed are: Patricia Jones, president; Mildred Mills, vice president; Jayne Bennewitz, secretary; and Geneve Sexson, tteasurer. The cabinet will be comjpibsed of Jean Brp^ D othy Srj^knt (sbphbnipre);;Dc>^i^ Gban, Martha CasseiL Matcia Gleyenger, Peggy Hamilton; Betty Klein, Mary Alice Learning, Alma Lewis, Sara Adice Mcliitosb, Mary M, Peli, Mildred Rhodes, Lorene I^tow; Mary L, Sh8f^;ite^: Wien and Martha Wood. V ; \
The Lowest Price Ever
$3.50 Complete
Wires, Machinery Electricity or Harmful Chemicals
New Beauty-for Easter and the Prom ' ■
Relax! Rest! Walk about! Telephone! You have pe ect freedom. No other wave is like a $3.50 “New Ray”.
Minette Beauty Shop
327 State Street
Phone,2067
tsT’
. Tom
. . . . yes, qt the Union. And T©^ listen, this Union Club deserves -a silver trophy-or something for being convenient (right on the cOmpus), comf©rtabIe (with lots of ^ room to move around), and Tom, there's something about the whole
feel out of plaqe or. anything. Fve seen so many nice people, so many smiling, congenial faces that already I feel at home at Purdue.-
'The Corner of the Campus/ Yet the Center of College Activities'