THE WEATHER Forecast for Indiana: Considerable cloudiness with snow flurries today; tomorrow, fair.
Purdue Exponent
WEDNESDAY December 7, 1938 Lafayette, Indiana VoL 50 No. 73
z-i
Student Forum To Discuss VarSlty, FrOSll M\X ShotS Tonlght
Marital Relations Course “Should the University offer a course in marriage relation-
ships ?”
The Tau Kappa Alpha student forum will discuss the question tomorrow night at 7:30 in the faculty lounge, with Dr. Rose of the student health service, and T. K. Ness of the education department, leading the discussion. Lucy Demoret, junior co-ed debate "
'Dracula' Opens In Eliza Fowler Hall
Today Al 7:30 p. m. Prof. Phillips, Speaker
Pi Tau Sigma Honors Eighteen At Banquet
manager, and member of the WSGA committee on t courses in marriage relationships, will give the student ^ viewpoint with the aid of Jack W. Wise, who holds a similar position ^ for the Student Senate. Mary Wien, senior co-ed debater, will preside. Informal Discussion f The discussion will bfe open and informal, as has been the case with previous forums. After a few opening remarks from the leaders, par- * ticipation from the audiences will be in order. Agitation for a course in mar- < riage relationships is of fairly recent origin, having come primarily as a result of WSGA and Student Senate efforts to include such a ^ course in the University curriculum. At present no such course is offered, the senior lectures perhaps j being the nearest approximation to it. The growing popularity of courses in marriage relationships I on other campuses has been cited as a reason for including such a course at Purdue. ^ Definite Questions Specific questions that are expected to come up in the forum are “is a course in marriage relation- ^ ships of sufficient importance to displace some of the technical courses now offered?” “Jupt what should be ♦ included in such a course?” “Who should teach it?” “Should it be for both men and women ?” and “Should credit be given for such a course?” WSGA and Senate committee members have collected information on types of courses offered at other I schools. This information will be briefly given by Lucy Demoret and Jack Wise. j Dr. Rose and T. K. Ness aie expected to give an indication of faculty opinion on the proposed course. The forum is open to the t public. It will adjourn promptly at 9 o’clock. Previous forums have attracted audiences varying from 75 . to 500.
Indiana Planners Convene Today For Annual Conference Opening with registration in room 201 of the Civil Engineering Building at 10 a. m., the first annual University Planning School, under the direction of Prof. G. E. Lommel, will meet on the campus today and continue through Friday. Authorities on City Planhing will enter into discussions of six fundamental topics )that will be taken up. These are: “Basic Steps in Planning Cities, Towns, and Counties,” “Legal Provisions for Planning in Indiana,” “The Master Plan and Official Map,” “The Public Works "Program,” “Zoning,” and “The Simplicity of Planning.” The school is designed to answer questions and solve problems for members of city and county planning commissions or groups of interested individuals. These people have asked for specific information and basic training in methods and purposes of planning. Instructors on the program include: G. E. Lommel, and J. B. Kohlmeyer, of the University staff; Dennis O’Harrow, Indiana State Planning Board, Indianapolis; H. R. Olsen, Engineer Chicago Regional Planning Assn., Chicago; Bernard C. Gavit, Dean Indiana University School of Law, Bloomington; D. Moomaw, executive secretary of the Building Commission, South Bend; Rexford Newcomb, Dean of College of Fine and Applied Arts, University of Illinois, member Illinois State Planning Board, Urbana, 111.; Robert Randall, Consultnat, National Resources Committee, Washington, D. C.; L. V. Sheridan, counselor, Region 4, National Resources Committee; Consultant of Indiana State Planning Board, Indianapolis.
Tonight at 7:30 Playshop’s production, “Dracula,” will open before a capacity audience on the Eliza Fowler Hall stage. Opening a fourday run, the play will continue through Saturday night. Out of the original 2500 reserved seat tickets only 250 remained late yesterday afternoon. General admission tickets may be purchased at the box office between 3 and 6 p. m. any afternoon for 75 cents each. Acclaimed by Playshop officials as the greatest show ever produced by University players, “Dracula” received an enthusiastic ovation at the preview given before the high school debaters last week. .. Thursday’s show opens at 7:30, but Friday and Saturday nights the performances being at 8 p. m. Due to the confusion caused by late ai’rivals, no one will be admitted after the curtain goes up. Members of the audience coming late will be allowed to itake their seats after the first act.
Members of Pi Tau Sigma, national Mechanical Engineering honorary, held their fall initiation banquet last night at Lincoln Lodge. Prof. R. Phillips was the guest speaker talking on “The Value of an Engineering Education.” J. E. Hammer acted as toastmaster while R. H. Elliot gave the welcome. The response was presented by D. R. Vance, and following Phillips’ talk, Prof. G. A. Young closed the program. Kenworthy Thompson won the Engineering Handbook awarded annually each year to the sophomore ME having the highest average during his freshman year. The initiates include: L. Barley, C. A. Bennett, C. E. Clutter, P. S. Collier, R. H. Dean, G. Devore, C. E. Dixon, R. E. Dubois, W. E. Dunshee, M. L. Gregory, C. A. Heiderbreder, A. B. Huston, R. L. Kuhns, G. W. Matthews, C. H. Powers, D. R. Vance, M. C. Wakefield, and M. H. Weber.
Activities Bureau Publishes Chart; Contacts, Interviews Freshman Eds Commiti'ee Interviews 900 Will Release Charts Today; Frosh On Activity Interest Available To All Students
Rural Rehabilitators Meet In Union Today In Final Session Of Three Day Conference { Six and one quarter million pounds of tobacco were grown and sold in Indiana last year, which is one of the main reasons for the country Rural Rehabilitation meeting in the Union to- ; day. County supervisors, members of the RR division of the State Farm Security Administration, are meeting today, the last of a three-day session, to promote interest in, and advanc- ^ ing ideas on group methods of farm management.
“What are the potential contribu- ^ tions of farm and home management to rehabilitation of the low income farm families?” was J. G. » Riggle’s, Washington representative of the Farm Security Administiation, subject at the opening t meeting. This expresses the main purpose of the newly established
FSA department.
< Feature Shows Problems Feature of the exhibits, being shown mainly to county officials, is ^ a tobacco exhibit showing the six possible grades of tobacco, uses, and actual problems encountered by In- ^ diana farmers. Students will be permitted to examine this very interesting exhibit from 4 till 6:30 I p. m. today in the Union ballroom. Smokers will be interesting in seeing the original state of smoking
J tobacco.
Dr. E. H. Shideler, state chairman of the FSA, is directing the enterprise. Co-operative farming is f being experimented with among those being helped by the FSA, who belong to the lower one-third income group. The idea, similar to Univer- ' sity co-operative movements, calls for each farmer buying one modern convenience and all the farmers us- { ing it. A small scale soap model depicts this situation very cleverly.
“It appears that there is a mistaken impression on the part of the fi-eshmen eds regarding the purpose of the freshmen interviews,” stated Activity Bureau director Leon Jacobson at yesterday’s staff meeting. “The Bureau is attempting to acquaint new students with the various campus activities, and to “feel out” the trends of their after-school interests.” At present approximately 900 students have appeared at the scheduled time for their interviews. They are contacted and a time arranged by a squad of sophomore workers who are calling all those whose telephones are listed. Interviewers are on duty Monday through Friday from 2 to 6 p. m. in the Bureau office in room F of the Union to talk personally with every freshman. Those who have forgotten their appointments or who have not been notified are urged by Althea Jorgenson, chairman of the interviews committee, to report at i-oom F as soon as possible.
Containing a brief description of the purpose and work done by every activity on the campus, an activities chart, published for the second time by the University and this year a project of the Activities Bureau, has been completed and is now ready for distribution. Eligibility for membership in the organizations, time and place of regular meetings, and people who may be contacted for additional information are also included on the chart. According to reports by Bureau heads, a chart will be delivered to the residence of every freshman, sophomore, and junior enrolled in the University by the end of this week. However, if any student does not receive one he may call for it in the Activity Bureau office in the Union from 4 to 6 p. m. any day. Leon Jacobson, director of the Bureau, stated that, “This year’s chart is bigger and more complete than ever before.” He urges every student to obtain one and carefully consider the material contained, using it to aid in making a wise choice of an activity.
Politicians Angle In On Friday's Brawl
Both campus political parties will set up headquarters at the Boilermakers’ Brawl this Friday night and will stage short programs during the dance intermission, according to statements from chiefs of the
organizations last night.
From the SAE house, John Dilts spoke for his Prom and Gala Week clique, “The Boilermaker Party welcomes the opportunity to present its outstanding candidates at the Sigma Delta Chi Boilermakprs’ Brawl, Friday night, December 9. “Our ticket speaks for itself and it sincerely hopes that you enjoy the dance in a Boilermaker way. Look for the Boilermaker Party at the Boilermakers’ Brawl.” l Jerry Ciral, co-chieftain of the rival faction, waxed enthusiastic on the proposition and phoned from Pi Kappa Alpha fraternity, “In keeping with Sigma Delta Chi’s theme for this year’s Brawl, the Progressive Party will set up one of the great American institutions at its
headquai ters—a bar—^with intentions of providing our share of the entertainment. “We want fraternity and independent students alike to make the Progressive headquai ters his headquarters duiing the dance.” Enlarging on the political angle of the Biawl, Journalist Dick Obenchain last night drew up a ballot foim foi an SDX “Precount” on Prom and Gala Week elections. Included on the ballot also are blanks for indicating fiist, second and third choices of bands to play at Prom. Each couple entering the ballroom will get two ballots to use in the voting. Tabulated results will be announced later in the evening. Old Grad Writes In Prom E. C. Gorrell, a Purdue man and an active in the local SDX chapter almost half a century back, came the following letter yesterday concerning Friday’s Brawl. Gorrell is now publisher of the Pulaski County Democrat.
Gentlemen: I have received a complimentary ticket to the Boilermaker’s Brawl on December 9, and greatly appreciate the courtesy shown by the chapter treasurer in thus remembering me. Another reason for appreciation of the complimentary is that I detest the darned half-cent stamps that one gets when he makes a payment of such a sum as $1.99%. But, more than forty years having elapsed since I was graduated (from high school), I have fallen somewhat behind on campus activities and must plead ignorance of the nature of the event. Of course I know what a Boilermaker is. As a very young boy, I used to watch a Welch tinner who had a shop next door to the house in which we lived. I recall how beautifully he could form a sheet of shining copper into a wash boiler . . . also how splendidly he could cuss when he got hot solder on his fingers.
Basketball Squad Opens Season With Annual Tilt Coach Piggy Lambert’s Big Ten defending champions will face the acid test tonight in their first public appearance against a very promising squad of freshmen netmen. To most Boilermaker fans Purdue’s chances in the coming conference race are an unknown factor. Tonight’s battle should clear up a good many of these questions.
STARTING LINEUPS
VARSITY Pos. FRESHMEN Zink F Abolt Hutt F Blanken Anderson C Nuetzel Beretta G Caress Dickinson G Blemken
Time, 7:30 p. m.; place, Fieldhouse.
' ■ With lanky Captain Gene AnderG _, center position the Boilt ermakers have a pivot man who " " combines excellent passing with acI II T I curate shots and who contributes LFSOlirfiS Hfirfi TOCi^V ^ great deal to the Purdue offense
» by controlling the rebounds under
Mr. Elliott, transformer special- the opponent’s basket Zink and „ , ^ , .r,, . . Hutt, starting forwards, are both
ist of the General Electric Company ^ experienced in Piggy’s pet in Cleveland, 0., will give a dem- «fast break.” Dickinson and Beretonstration lecture on the new spiral ta are both fine defensive men and wound transformer and lightning will probably keep the frosh sharp-
protective devices today at 4 “bottled” np. p. m. in room 264 of the Electrical » a . ^ Reamer, Gimlet Teams
Engineering Building. Motion pic-
tures will be shown in connection * ® Play Between HalveS with his speech. Hoop-skirts, red pajamas, corsets
an 1890 bathing suit and other ar-
The lecture is sponsored by the tides of wearing apparel commonlocal student branch of the AIEE, |y. foreign to the basketball floor and all interested are invited to at- blossom out on Reamer and tend, officials stated last night. Gimlet basket-throwing screwballs
tonight in the Fieldhouse between
Triangle...
^ Tickets for the game and the . . . social fraternity, announces the Gimlet-Reamer battle-royal may be initiation of the following men Sat- obtained for 25 cents from any of urday, December 3: E. L. Blakslee, , the Reamer Club members, or from Chicago, 111.; E_. W. Dower, Elgin, * Deac’s, Southworth’s, the Union 111.; J. D. Fisher, Beloit, Wis.; F. desk, or the intramural office.
L. Granger, Benton Harbor, Mich.;
A. D. Johnson, Newark, N. J.; R. While the starting lineup for the G. Massey, Dundee, 111.; D. E. Mor- varsity is made up entirely of vetgenroth, Go'dfrey, 111.; A. W. Ris- erans, tonight’s game is sure to see ser. Park, Ridge, 111.; J. E. Weth- ^ number of very promising reerell, Chicago, 111.; and J. W. Wise, serves in action. Fans would do well Dayton, O. (Continued on page 3) Six Will Enter Sophomore Finals Of Hanley Speech Contest Tonight in Home Ec Building Sophomore semi-finals of the Hanley Speech Contest were held yesterday in University Hall, with W. M. White, E. S. Bohlin, P. W. Wolverton, F. H. Minger, A. J. Hemle, and R. C. Springate the six contestants picked from fifteen to participate in the finals tonight at 7:30 in the Home Ec Auditorium. From these six, two will be picked to appear in the grand final between all classes on April 18, 1939, in Fowler Hall.
Judges tonight will be Prof. A. N. Topping of the Electrical Engineering Department, chairman; Prof. D. L. Curtner of the Electrical Engineering Department; Prof. R. G. Thomas of the Economics Department; and Mr. R. R. King of the Speech Department. Speeches are to be on the field of engineering as related to economics and the winner in the sophomore class will be presented with an Engineering
Handbook.
Prizes for the winner of the finals m the spring are to be: First prize, $50; second prize, $20. The prize money was donated by W. H. Hanley ’ll, now an engineer and the Eli Lily Company of Indianapolis. As this is the last intramural speech contest this semester, Speech 14 students who have not already attended one should be present. Co-eds Will Hear Address On Careers By J. Cobum Bv^iness careers for women will be the general subject of the address by Julia Coburn, executive director of the Tobe-Cobum School of Fashion Careers, in the faculty lounge of the Uniop, Friday.
Craves Information
But that Brawl business takes in a wider latitude. Being but five generations removed from a Gorrell who came to this country from the Quid Sod, I love certain kinds of brawls. Assuming that the forthcoming session is among those favorites, I crave information as to whether participants should carry shillelahs, blacksnakes or pitchforks. Also whether he should appear in jeans or overalls, business suit, or boiled shirt with silk-lapeled
coat.
Further, does the fact that the ticket is perforated, and carries a number on each end, indicate that one is privileged to take a wife or concubine ? In other words ... but why more ? Here’s a bald-headed dummy up in the sticks who’d like damwell to go some place if he had some idea how to act when he got there. Sincerely, E. 0. GORRELL., '
^ 2 £dijtifual THE PDBDOE roONENT Jcoto^
Wednesday, December 7, 1938
Purdue’s Second...
, . , Activities Chart came , off the press today as Activities Bureau workers completed arrangements for distributing it to all University students. The Bureau this year undertook the task of publishing the chart, relieving the Union and the Exponent who cooperated on the project last year. Distribution began yesterday and will be complete by the end of the week.
By adding five inches to the length of the chart the Bureau made room for writeups about 109 organizations, or 12 more than last year. Each extracurricular campus activity received a larger space this year, as Bureau workers strove to make the information included on the chart more complete. Such points as purpose, main work, meeting place, eligibility requirements, time consumed, and names of organization officers, were covered in each write-up.
This year’s Activities Chart represents the first finished work of the Activities Bureau. It is part of their program of education along extracurricular lines. By reference to this chart new students may find data about nearly any organization they may be interested in. These students should make use of the chart in determining which activities they will want to enter. i
One of the objectives of the chart is to give publicity to minor activities, such as hobby clubs. These minor activities offer valuable experience and entertainment to students who do not have the time or inclination to tackle a major activity. Very little time is needed for participation, and there is an organization to fit the interests of almost anyone.
Publishing the Activities Chart is certainly worth while work for any organization. Our only criticism this year would be that it is rather late—but we know that the answer to that objection is that money was not available
the Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8. BO. Editor-In-Chief ...H. I. Stanback Business Manager.......... ...R. R. Hensler PUBUCATION STAFF Managing Editor L. S. Hardin City Editor. D. A. Bailey Associate Editors....G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Bnsiness Manager M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager E. M. Antonlni Circulation Manager W. F, Berg Sales Manager....; _.... V, Daugherty National Advertising Manager.... H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager.........;.....,.. .W. E. Smith Art Director..... .......1 D. J. Henninger ^ \ SPORTS STAFF Editor. ..L... _.,.....;.R. L. McDonald Associate Editors.... ; -J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard CO-ED STAFF \ Editor * Sally McKee Associate Editors - Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard editorial OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office , BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038 This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief. REPRESENTED FOR NATIONAL ADVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative AZO Madison Ave. Nevt York, N. Y. CHicAso ' Boston ■ Los Angeles - San fsancisco
Night Editor-j-Kroeplin
Issue Editor—Heiple
Wednesday, December 7, 1938
for the project until just a few days ago, after the faculty approved the Bureau’s constitution.
^J4iin and
er
By Georgann Schilling
YWCA To Hear Discussion On State Marriage laws
We see where a chap named Peter Qnill is taking over our former part-time job of Bold and Black editor. If we remember correctly the Tribunte has been trying to get rid of that Quill lad for quite a few Sundays now. He certainly has chosen a sweet job for himself! The University should provide a resting place for all over-worked, underprivileged Bold and Black writers—a dog house would be quite apirropriate and make them feel at home.
Mrs. A. Q. Erisman of the League of Women Voters will be the speaker at a mass meeting of YWCA on this afternoon a t 4 o’clock in the reception room of the Union. She will discuss the questionaire that the league has published concerning items to be contained in the marriage laws which will be pending at the next session of the Indiana legislature. Before her summarization, she will tell of laws in other states concerning marriage.
Sports were included in the daily program of a smart young lady of that program, evidenced by a “sport hat” of 1870. Designed for skating and hockey, the chapeaux is of fine natural straw with a high crown and rolled brim faced in black. —s—■' ■ . ■ '
Although the whims of women’s fashions may have prbduced results wMch look odd today, male headgear of that time will cause many a giggle among the feminine contirngent. A natural s'traw man’s sailor has an oval shape, turns up at the sides, and is adorned with a narrow black ribbon tied in a bow. —S—
—H-H-
Among the exchange dinners that are scheduled for tonight are those between the Pi Phis and Cary Hall West 5 the Kappas and the ATOs; the Thetas and the Belts, a:nd the Pedalions and Cary Hall East. The SPEs have a novel idea for Sunday guest; dinners, having a special Sunday for each class. The boys in that class all bring dates to Sunday dinner^ SPE freshmen are to be the honored class this-Sunday.
^pinacL
" Rv Rpt.tv Wi
By Betty Wickard
Co-eds, the next time the boy friend laughs at your doll hat, consider what grandfather must have said when he took grandmother out riding in her fashionable 1880 bonnet!
-S-
-H-H-
• This is the season of the year when all-star teams are chosen. So, with this in mind (and little.else) we reprint this All-American team:
Fountain—Penn End Boop—Purdue End Chrish—Holy Cross Guard Tar—Alabama Guard Babbling—Brooklyn Center Hunchback—Notre Dame Tackle Beans---Boston Tackle Viva—Villanova Back Minister—S. Methodist Back Black—Tuskegee Back Shirley—Temple Back Wayback—Kentucky Way, way Back
One of the prize exhibits of this week’s display of old fashioned hats in the Home Economics Buildingshow case is a bonnet of this period, made of black velvet and trimmed with shaded red ribbon and posies. The hat was designed to be worn with a smart walking outfit clipped from Dame Fashion magazine. A big green bow under the chin and a dainty green parasol gave the feminine touch to this tailored red and green plaid outfif. —S—
The “gay nineties” have not been neglected* in this display arranged by Catherine Cooley and Eileen Hull, C «fe T 26, from donations to the home economics department. A concoction of black net trimmed with velvet flowers, faille bows and and jet beads. Dark colored jackets, contrasted with pastel skirts were high fashion then, a clipping from Delineator of October 1897, shows. —s— The Merry Widow hats of 1911 are represented by a pale straw specimen with a huge white ostrich plume fastened on by a pearl clasp. —S—
When grandmother dressed for a tea she wore a tiny round confection made of horsehair braid, with a flowerpot crown and black velvet ribbon trim. A parasol was indispensable with flowing afternoon gowns as well as with walking outfits. ,
Dean Mary L. Matthews furnished the 1929 model in the left corner of the case. The transparent straw of the hat was originally covered with gold cloth, and pink and blue velvet flowers are appliqued on the front of the very deep ci'own so fashionable then. The brim is wide at the sides, but is folded back in front. , S— '■
Another interesting model is a large picture hat made by Jeff of London for the fashionable Ascot races. Practicality is combined with beauty, for a cellophane covering protects the flowered silk from the rain!
—H-H-
On Friday night the Alpha Chis will hold their pledge dance at Allens’ Ballroom. Bud Bryant is to play for dancing from 9 to 12 and formal attire will be considered proper. Another sorority dance planned for this week-end is the Pedalion Christmas formal on Saturday night. This dance, which is also formal*, will be given at the chapter house and Harry McCrady’s band will play.
-H-H-
For Famous Finishing Sentences we offer the thought suggested by a popular present-day lyric— “Will You Remember Tonight, Tomorrow?”—^not if she’s like most cO'Cds.
SCHOOL OF DENTISTRY
The University of Buffalo
A four year curriculum completed in three calendar years, by means of the quarter plan. (Four quarters of eleven weeks each, to the school year). The dental and medical schools are closely affiliated, instruction in the basic medical sciences being under the supervision of the medical faculty. Clinical practice of dentistry, in all its varied aspects is supervised by the dental division and there is an intimate association with the clinics of several hospitals. Periods of internship in two general and one children’s hospital during the senior year, offering unusual experience in clinical observation, diag-nosis and treatment of dental conditions. Next regular session will start the first week in July, 1939.
For further information address
School of Dentistry 26 Goodrich St. Buffalo, N. Y.
And so last night the Gimlets served beefsteak on buns and was it raw? Ask TONY JUSKA; he knows all about it.
PETER found out the other day that Kappa Si^ BOB ZEIG turned down a HELLER for a PHELPS. What say, BOB ? There are no Delta Gammas at Purdue.
Another beautiful triangle appears on the campus these days. ELLA LOU SEXSON sits in the sweet shop by her lonesome while JOHNN YWALKEY trucks on out with KISSEY KISTLER. Looks like that $50 pin fine in the Phi Psi house stopped things finally.
It was heard that Phi Belt BILL BERG found the S. M. U. cutie and Theta, ELLEN KEPNER, very indifferent. How strange! With those eyes she ought to be very friendly —but??
It is uncanny to find the Engineer editor, JACK TAYLOR, doing so much work in the Engineer office when everyone else is home studying. However, he is not alone. Dorothea JUSTIN seems to have work to do in that office also. H-m. What a coincidence!
At said Phi Gam formal FRED MENKE, while searching for a pin to come to the aid of a broken shoulder strap, disclosed the hiding place of his much used eyeglass curlers. Whoops, girls! Isn’t he a beautiful brute.
PARKER WYNN was seen taking FERRELL RUPPERT to the Belt house for dinner Sunday, while fish DREVER drags her to the more formal affairs. While in the Belt house, it seems that Brother DICK McGHEE has drifted out of the social picture. Concentrating on the grades, eh, DICK?
NOW PLAYING
4iiie WIUPY
STffiiE MilaMra Fay HiLiEN DiraoiedbT GEORGE B. SEITZ
For formal wear “Tails” Coat and Trousers Latest young men’s models
$27-50
SPECIAL
ROSENTHAL’S 322 Main Street
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lidily
To start off the dirt slinging today we run into that little Kappa iron man STUBBY MEIER. “Pepper Up” MEJER claims that he has had a date with a co-ed from every Big Ten University, Stooge PETER QUILL informs the column that STUBBY will lay tracks for the west coast to give those wellknown'Calofrnia beauties the run around. Good luck, STUBBY.
kn
“Keep your mind on your work, Wilton—this is the third day you’ve predicted a flurry in the market!”*
Honorary To Raise Dr.Uhrbrock ToTest
Stliolarshlp Fund Senior Engineers
In order to raise funds for a sophomore student scholarship, Alpha Lambda Delta, freshman co-ed honorary, is sponsoring a benefit bridge party to be held Saturday afternoon, at 2 o’clock in the Union faculty lounge. Tickets for this affair may be purchased by co-eds and faculty members for 25 cents at sorority houses, from Joyce Burnham, president of the organization, and Joan McLean.
Dr. Richard Uhrbrock, of Proctor and Gamble Company, will conduct a meeting with Senior chemical, electrical, and mechanical engineers in the main lecture room of the EE Building, Thursday at 4 p.m.
Ceres...
. . . agronomy and general agriculture honorary, announces the pledging of the following men last night. Seniors pledged include; G. H. Foster, R. W. Latier, L. R. Rolston, R. W. Smith and D.C. Wicoff. Juniors pledged include; J. J. Denzler, R. N. Kessler, D, R. Troyer, T. A. Weldon, and J. R. Williamson.
Doctor Uhrbrock will present a j series of tests by which the engineers may find out more about their personal interests and aptitudes. One-half of the test will test inter- ? ests, the other half will test the senior’s ability in his field of training- V V Those men ■Whose interest and aptitudes correspond to the pattern of scores desired by Proctor and Gamble, and who are interested in * employment with them, may be requested to interview company officials at Ivorydale, near Cincinnati, V Ohio.
Keller Beeson was the speaker at the pledge banquet held yesterday evening.
Seniors who were interviewed by Mr. Langman on December 1 should | make it a point of taking this test, personnel officials stated last night.
LUMA
-LAST DAYDR ACUL A
■ and —
FRANKENSTEIN
THURS. — FRI. — SAT.
WILLIAM BOYD — in — / “PRIDE OF THE WEST’
— and — BRIAN DONLEVY
“SHARPSHOOTERS”
i
LAST DAY.
iWFiMSfS
IHEIEM END'W-HUMPIIREY BOBART ANN SNEHIDAN.GEORGE BANCROFT
THURS. — FRI. — SAT.
DICK POWELL OLIVIA DeHAVILLAND
“HARD TO GET”
TODAY
AN HKO ttADIO PiCfUSe
also MICKEY MOUSE
STARTS TOMORROW Double Feature
New Rhythm ... New Laffs . . . New Tunes!
plus-
fugitives FOR A NIGHT
with FRANK ALBERTSON
ARC
—LAST TIMES TODAY-
I I ij8 i n
i I i 9 ■ ■ B. ■ ■ ,
I
With Sally Eilers, LouU Hayward, Anne Shirley RKO - RADIO PICTURE
—■ and —-
— Also — 'FLASH GORDON'S TRIP TO MARS"
THURS. — FRI. — SAT. THE MAIN EVENT TRUSTED OUTLAW LONE RANGER, No. 3W94nesday« December 7< 1938
THE PURDim
Sp(f^
EXPONENT
I
Riveter Cagers To Face Five Teams In Ten Days Boilermakers Start Season's Schedule Monday Against Monmouth, Midwest Conference Champions
Boilermaker netmen, long noted for their speed on the hardwood, will lose no time in getting into full swing once the 1938-39 campaign opens here next Monday night with Monmouth, defending champion in the Midwest Conference, as the opponent. The racing Riveters, minus three of the important cogs in the machine that won the undisputed Big Ten title last year, will play five home games within 10 days as the season is launched in a flurry of action. Three Tilts In Week Following the opener with the veteran Monmouth quintet that was undefeated in Midwest Conference competition last season, the Boilermakers will have only a day of rest before tackling Detroit’s classy combination on Wednesday night, December 14. One of the season’s highlights will be the renewal of the bristling hardwood rivalry with DePaul here December 17.
Intramural Notices
The following Monday night, it will be pupil vs. teacher as Don White, one of the Boilermaker stars of past years, sends his Connecticut State outfit against Lambert’s current production. The rapid-fire five game stand will be wound up with a holiday attraction on December 22, when Southern California will invade the local court for a game that has already attracted statewide attention.
Kitchen Will Discuss Endocrine Therapy At Meeting Tonight
Extra Seats Inasmuch as the Southern California game is scheduled during the Christmas holidays and the bulk of the student body will be out of town, several thousand extra seats for the game will be available to the general public.
ALLE
scii#@L m ii^ivci m€k CLASS DANCE INSTRUCTION FOR STUDENTS OF PURDUE Beginner’s Wednesday, December 7th
7:00 P. M.
Advanced Thursday, December 8th
7:00 P. M.
No Lessons Given During Holiday II L Vacation. P, M. Allen, Instructor ENROLL NOW
PHONE 2150
1 the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Bookstores
• Florists
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
ROTH FLORIST 635 Main Street Phones 7955—8050
• Professional
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
The Risk Dental Clinic PAUL A. RISK—D,D.S. HAROLD J. RISK—D.DS. LUTHER A. RISK—DDS. Schultz Building •4h and Main Phone 5701
• Photography
• jewelers
Make your Christmas Gifts personal. Give Portraits. Special Prices. Scobee's Rembrandt Studio 105 Vine St., W. Lafayette, ind.
R. j. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Dine
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This is all we do, but we do it well. Opposite Post Office Wallace Block 322 Ferry St.
FRANK'S PLACE Where You Save Money on Good Food We Never Close 111 Vine Street West Lafayette
Big Ten Bandwagon
Boxing Squad Prepards For Elimination Tourney In Fieldhouse Friday
SQUASH Today Court 1— 7:00—Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 7 :45—Beta Sifema Psi vs. Delta Chi. 8:30—Delta Tau Delta vs. Kappa Sigma. 9:16—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Phi Kappa. Court 2—■ 7 ’00—Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 7 :45—Beta Sigma Psi vs Delta Chi. 8:30—Delta Tau Delta vs. Kappa Sigma. 9 16—Phi Kappa Tau vs. Phi Kappa. Court 8^— 7:00—Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Alpha Tau Omega 7 .46—Beta Sigma Psi vS Delta Chi. 8.30—Delta Tau Delta vs. Kappa Sigma. 9 :16—Phi Kappa Tau vs Phi Kappa.
Roughly speaking, Chicago University’s basketball and tennis teams are synonomous. The three men who made the Maroons undisputed Big Ten tennis champions last spring are now working out on the basketball court. Coach Norgren feeling that a net is a net, and if the players are good at one sport they ought to get along well in the other.
Coach “Punchy” Maxwell and 16 members of his boxing team are preparing for the opening day of the annual elimination tournament, which is set for Friday, at 7 o’clock in the Fieldhouse. The purpose of the tournament is to select the men who will represent the University in the annual Golden Gloves Tournament.
—B-T-B-
Murphy twins, Chester and Bill, along with Art Jorgenson make up the racquetrcage trio. Chet and Art are guards on the hardwood. Bill is working out but is not eligible now.
Opening the card of bouts for Friday will be a match betweeh D. V. Mills and J. B. Pyle of the 135ponnd class. The remainder of the j matches will be F. 0. Slate vs. B.
-B-T-B—
E. Thrlefall in the 118 pound class; R. V. Youkey vs. P. H. Schafer at 147; R. V. Keller vs. P. E. Keffaber also at 147; J. B. Burkhai’dt vs. G. W. Dietz at 170; and I. Pence vs. B. S. Jockewicz in the heavyweight
division.
Dutch Lonborg is starting his 12th season as head coach of the Northwestern five. Trenkle, Smith, and McMichael, forwards and Nhgode, center, who provided a large portion of the Purple scoring punch, must be replaced. One of the promising sophomores is Don McCarnes, brother of the 1932 Northwestern captain, Bob. They are from Logansport, Indiana.
Exhibitions
In two exhibition matches, that will have no bearing on selection of of a Golden Gloves candidate, G. W. Marson, at 135, will oppose Bradley at 145 pounds, and J. K. Lord will meet Dilts with respective weights of 175 and 165 pounds.
“Present Status of Endocrine Therapy” will be the subject of an illustrated lecture by Dr. D. K. Kitchen, prominent Detroit pharmacist, in the Pharmacy Building tonight at 7:30. Dr. Kitchen, who has done extensive work with endocrine gland secretions in the field of therapeutics, is connected with Parke-Davis and Company. Sponsored by the local chapter of Kappa Psi, national pharmacy honorary, whose president, Robert Kantz, will be in charge, this lecture is open to doctors and pharmacists of Lafayette and West Lafayette, membeis of the American Chemical Association, and all students in the pharmacy and science schools.
-B-T-B—
At center Lonborg has no returning letterman. Since becoming the basketball coach at Northwestern in 1927, Lonborg has had two conference championship teams, and has finished out of the first division only once. His composite record is 132 wins, and 71 defeats, the best season being 1930-31, when the team won 16 out of 17 games. Last year they broke even in 20 games.
Alpha Phi Omega Will Hold Smoker
—B-T-B-
lowa also has a player who is a brother of a former great in Louis Selzer, who’s brother Ben was on the all-conference team in 1934. The position of Captain Ben Stephens is the only one definitely secure at Iowa. Stephens, a forward, has the Iowa University all time record for points in a season, 185 in 17 games.
Eric Wadleigh, former president, will explain the aims and ideals of the organization and an informal discussion will ensue which should enable prospective pledges to conceive the service program of the fraternity.
Movies of the second half of the Wisconsin game will be shown by Dean Knapp.
-B-T-B-
After opening the season Saturday with a victory over Beloit College, Wisconsin came out with their second consecutive win by the skin of its teeth Monday night against Marquette. Minnesota also won its second straight, 50-28 against South Dakota. Indiana opened with a big 54-28 win over Ball State, with Andres, their 1938 high scorer leading the way with 14 points. Tonight Carleton plays at Northwestern and DePaul plays at Chicago.
Cordell To Speak
Professor Richard Cordell of the English department will speak this morning at 9:15 from the main studio of WB A A; however, his talk will be broadcast over WLW and the Mutual Broadcasting system and will not come from WBAA. The subject of his talk will be “Meet the Author” and will be concentrated on the life of W. Somerset Maugham. This is one of the “Nation School of the Air,” programs.
HAYS JEWELRY €0.
EAST SIDE OF S^VARE FINE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
Keep
School Clothes Clean!
West Side Office 132 Vine St.
Then you'll feel like stepping out, and taking your rightful place in the yprldl AND
Phone 7278
REGULAR cleaning prolongs the life of your garments.
You'll be delighted with the American's workl Send your things in NOW.
Phi Kappa Tau Wins t2-6; Enters Touchball Finals
Defeat Phi Pi Phi Gridders On First Half Storing; Phi Kappa Sigma, Theta Chi Battle To Seiond Tie, 0-0
Counting twice in the first half of yesterday’s touchball game, the Phi Kappa Tau’s scored a hard fought 12-6 victory over the Phi Pi Phi gridders to gain a place in the finals of the fraternity tournament. In the other semi-final game the Theta Chi’s and the Phi Kappa Sigma’s again were stymied in their qudst for a place in the finals, this time by a scoreless tie. ' Opening the scoring in the first
Alumni Club Will Fete High School Gridiron Stars Friday Night
Alpha Phi Omega, national scouting service honorary, will hold a rush smoker in the reception room of the Union at 7:30 Friday evening. The meeting is open to all members and former scouts interested in the fraternity. This meeting will precede the fall pledging.
Outstanding Indianapolis high school football stars and their fathers will be feted Friday evening at the annual gridiron banquet of the Purdue Alumni Club of Indianapolis. The pj-ogram will feature as principal speaker. Major John L. Giiffith, Big Ten athletic commissioner. The Old Oaken Bucket also "Will be on display. Co-Captains Joe Mihal and Paul Humphrey of the 1938 Purdue varsity; T. R. Johnston, University publicity director; R. C. Woodworth, acting athletic director; Eth Baugh, Alumni secretary; and assistant coaches Mel Taube, Guy Mackey and Dutch Fehring will be guests at the affair. Special awards based on selections of Indianapolis sports writers will be given ot the leading Capital City stars.
five minutes of the game when Forbes intercepted a Phi Pi Phi pass and lateraled to Scully, who went over, the Phi Kappa Tau boys quickly took the initial lead. Midway in the first period, after an exchange of punts, the Phi Pi Phi passing combination of Kovara to McMillen clicked for a 60 yard tally knotting the score at 6-6. Phi Kappa Tau Hargesheimer intercepted a pass on the Phi Pi Phi 20 yard line, from where on the next play Fisher passed to Motz, in the end zone.
Scoreless Second Half The second, half was a see-saw affair with neither team being able to make much headway. Although the play was mostly in Phi Pi Phi territory, the nearest that the Phi Kappa Tau boys could get to the goal line was in the final minutes when they drove down to the twenty yard line only to lose the ball on downs.
Varsity, Frosh Mix--
(Continued from page 1)
In the other game, although both teams threatened several times, neither was quite able to penetrate its opponents defense. The Theta Chis relied mostly upon their running attack Vhile the Phi Kappa Sigmas continued their passing efforts trying to break the now twiceplayed deadlock. Excellent punting was one of the prime reasons that kept both goal lines uncrossed.'
to watch the playing of each individual man on the floor for the Boilermakers’ chances this season depend greatly on the development of reserve strength. Dan Fisher, understudy to Anderson at center, will probably get a chance to demonstrate his accurate passing and short shots. Elwood Yeager will probably get into the game at guard. Most promising of the sophomore forward candidates is Igney, who seems to be able to put the ball through the basket from almost any part of the floor and was the most consistent marksman in last night’s practice session. Bosse and Lorenz will also be heard from at the forward position in the varsity lineup. “Red” Swarts, sophomore center, will undoubtedly break into the lineup and show his excellent ball-handling and basket-shooting. Frosh Coach “Dutch” Fehring has his rhinie squad all set to take on the varsity. Dutch has been working his men against some of the second string varsity players and feels that they understand the “fast break” well enough to give Piggy Lambert’s team a good taste oL their own medicine.
Ward Representative Discusses Socials With Independents
George Hamilton, of the Purdue Ward Association, spoke before the WSGA President’s Council meeting yesterday afternoon at 4 o’clock in room B of the Union. He discussed picnics, trade dinners, dances and other social functions between independent boys’ and girls’ houses. He also stated that the PIA would like to have a better attendance from the independent houses at the PIA tea dances, and gave the group a plan that these houses may be better represented.
Betty Lou Jakes, president of the WSGA President’s Council, discussed the importance of presidents or representatives attending these meetings. It was suggested that attendance at the metings be made compulsory and that the house be partially rated by representation at the meetings.
CHRISTMAS SPECIAL Three 8x10 Photographs $5.00 Make Your Apporntmenf Now
Hinea’s
634 Main Street
Phone 7775
A MENU NECESSITY
Fall and winter menus ore not complete without good meat. Try our delicious meats and you too will soy they cannot be beat.
CITY MEAT AND POULTRY
220 N. 3nl S».
Phone 5372
pppih I
f 'A
3boaxL (Ma,
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
O^lidicsJL
Wednesday, December 1, 1938
West Side Methodist Church.
-BLAKEK.
LOST—Jeweled Pi Phi pin. Union ball3om. Reward. Augusta Hite. Call 2866.
Scabbard and Blade: Test night Wednesday, December 7, at 7 p. m. in the Armory. —HAMMER.
MISCELLANEOUS
Alpha Zeta: Meeting in room F of the Union Thursday, December 8, at 7 :30 p. m. - SCONAKER.
Mortar Board: Meeting Thursday, November 8, at 4 .-le p. m. in room C of the Union. —WOOD.
Activities: Will the following people please report to me at 4 p. m. today, December 7, in the Activities Bureau Office: A. F. Campbell, D. Faut, R. Richardson, M. Limpus. R. McEwen, Dick Wilson, M. L. Swaney, B. Cocking, R. Tester. S. Davis, F. Sandoval, C. Davis, F. Rae, ahd J. Shake. Please be prompt as it is important that you be there. —JACOBSON.
Trade and Industrial Education: Banquet Thursday, December 8, at 6 :15 p. m. in the reception room of the Union. . —MANKEY.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
Radio Headliners
8:00 p. m.8:00 p. m.-
8 :46 p. m.9:00 p. m.-
9 :00 p. m.-
9:30 p. m.-
ROOMS FOR RENT
-WEDNESDAY-
10 :00 p. m.10:16 p. m.-
CE 41: Examination for the removal of C grades will be held in the hydraulic laboratory on Saturday, December 10, from 1 to 4 p. m. Permission to take the examination must be secured from the undersigned before December 9. —GREVE.
ROOM FOR RENT—Single or double, new home, attractively decorated, new furniture, recreation room fully equipped, on car line. 110 E. Stadium Ave. Phone 36271.
12 :00 noon12 :30 pi m.12 :30 p. m.2:00 p. m.-
WAA Volleyball: Schedules for Wednesday, December 7, at 4 p. m.: Alpha Chi vs. Theta : Ward 2 vs. WRH south; Ward 1 vs. Chi Omega. —SWICK.
Green Potters: Committee meeting Wednesday evening) December 7, at 7:30 in room 1 or 2 -of the Union. —DEGARMO.
FOR RENT—Single or double room down stairs. Lady graduate students preferred. 131 South Grant St.
4 :00 p. m.4:00 p. m.-
-Hit revue, WCFL. -Luncheon dance time, WBAA. -Midday melodies, WCFL. -Indianapolis Symphony Orchestra, WFBM. -Contract bridge chats. WBAA. -Make Believe Danceland, WCFL.
10 :1B p. m.—!
10:30 p. m.10:30 p. m.-
ROOM FOR RENT—219 Waldron. Block from campus. Man, student, or business man.
4:00 p. m.4 :16 p. m.4 :30 p. m.6 :46 p. m.-
WSGA Sophomores: Thursday group of the training school will meet Thursday, December 8, at 4 o’clock in the tower room of the Union Building. —BARNES.
Motorcycle Club: Meet in room A of the Union Thursday, December 8, at 7 p. m. Last business meeting of the year, please be there. —STRIEBY.
NICE LARGE ROOM with board, block from campus. 219 So. Grant St.
6:16 p. m.6:16 p. m.-
Thomas Say Entomological Society: Meeting Thursday, December 8, at 7:30 p. m. in room 103, Ag. Hall. —KNAPP.
Tau Beta Pi Pledges: All themes must be turned in to me by 6 p. m. Friday, December 9, at the Phi Kappa Psi house. —CLUG'STON.
ME 61, ME 62: Make-up examination for removing conditions will be held in room 301 on Saturday, December 17, at 1 p. m. All who wish to take this make-up must see me not later than December 10. —BINDBR.
Exactly 3,269 organized events were held in the University of Wisconsin Memorial Union Building last year.
6 :30 p. m.7:00 p. m.7 :30 p. m.7 :30 p. m.8:00 p. m.-
Mililary Ball Committee: Important meeting Thursday, December 8. at 4 p. m. in room 202 of the Armory. Bring reports. —TREECE.
Delta Rho Kappa: Initiation ceremonies at 6:15 p. m., Wednesday, December 7, in the tower room of the Union. Initiation banquet at 6 ;00 p. m. in the Chestunt Room. —HANNAS.
Texas Christian University statisticians have figured out that the Horned Frogs’ game average 140 plays each.
-Concert miniature, WMAQ. -Swingtime serenade, WENR. -Tea time tunes, WFBM. —Sophie Tucker and her show, WBBM. —Yar concert orchestra, WGN. —Ennio Bolognini's orchestra, WMAQ. —Xavier Cugat’s orchestra, WIRE. -Heidelberg concert orchestra, WGN. -Paul Whiteman’s orchestra, WBBM. -Tommy Dorsey and his orchestra, WMAQ, WLW. -Town Hall Tonight starring Fred Allen with Peter Van Steeden’s orchestra and the Merry Macs, WLW, WMAQ.
10 :46 p. m.11:00 p. m.11:00 p. m.- . 11:00 p. m.-
-International Conference program, WLW. -Texaco Star Theater with John Barrymore, WBBM. -Jan Garber’s orchestra, WGN. -Kay Kyser’s Kollege of Musical Knowledge, WLW, WMAQ. -Chicago City Opera Company (Rossini’s II Barbiere de Siviglia), WENR. -“It Can Be Done’’ with Frankie Masters’ orchestra, WBBM. -Red Norvo’s orchestba, WBBM. -Ennio Bologntni’s orchestra,
WENR.
■Little Jack Little’s orchestra,
WGN.
-Anson Weeks’ orchestra, WGN. -Dick Gasparri’s orchestra, WMAQ. -Vincent Lopez’ orchestra, WBBM. -Benny Goodman's orchestra, WBBM. -Sanimy Kaye’s orchestra,
WGN.
-Moon River, WLW.
Hoosiers Will Hear
Glee Club Saturday
University Glee Club, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, will take part in the program at the annual formal dinner of the Indi-
ana Society ot Chicago to be held
in the grand ballroom of the Chicago’s Palmer House Saturday evening. Beside the Glee Club, the program will include a bevy of beautiful Hoosier girls and a hilarious burlesque of Indiana politics.
Washington State College students earn $249,940 during the nine-month college year.
Storage and warehousing is a new course being offered in the University of Texas school of business administration.
L. A. Downs, noted Purdue alumnus, is president of the so.ciety, the membership of which is restricted to Hoosiers who have distinguished themselves in some field. Chester Cleveland, editor of Sigma Chi’s magazine, is secretary of the organization as well 'as chairman of the program committee.
Glider Club: Meeting today, December 7. at 7:15 p. m. in room A. Attendance is compulsory. Reorganization will be discussed. —MILLER.
WAA Riflery: Those who miss rifler-y due to convocations and basketball games, make up the practices in make up periods. —SMITH.
WAA Riflery: Wednesday, December 7: Ward 3, 6 .T5 ; Make-up, 7 :00 ; Kappa Kappa Gamma, 7 :45 ; Pi Beta Phi, 8 :30. —SMITH.
Classiiied Mds
New Victor Records Released This Week
LOST AND POUND
Wesley Foundation: Christmas party Friday, December 9, at 8 p. m. Bring old clothes and furniture that could be used by some needy person. —HORNE.
26104
LOST—Gold Elgin wrist watch. Call 41344. Reward.
Freshmen 4 P. F. A.: Competition for places on the regimental swimming team will be held Wednesday, December 7. All those interested report to the Fieldhouse and be ready to swim at 7 :30 p. m. Battery athletic officers report at 7:16 p. m. —HEINE.
Union Workers: The following please meet in the Union office today, December 7, at 4 p. m.: Elkin, Giram, Hamman, Losson, ■ Heinbach, Black, Haltom, Hibbs, Eesler, and Wallace. —COOPER.
Debris Workers: Imperative meeting of all Debris workers Thursday, December 8, at 4 p. m. in Debris office. —WINTER.
Horticultural Students: The annual Horticulture Society Banquet will be held tonight, December 7, at 6 p. m. in the
Lloyd Widener FURNACES PLUMBING
SCHWAB SAFE STOKERS
115 E. State St., W. L. Phone 7044 (It-pleases-us-to-please-you)
(Don’t Wait ’Till) The Night Before Christmas Everybody’s Laughing Sammy Kaye and Orchestra
26105
Sweet Sue—Just You Tin Roof Blues
Tommy Dorsey and Orchestra
26106
Day After Day Prelude to a Kiss Richard Himber and Orch.
26107
Topsy Smoke House Rhythm Benny Goodman and Orch,
JUNIOR BALLROOM DANCING CLASS OPENS SATURDAY, DEC. 10, 7,-00 P. M.
Overcome Embarrassment' and Awkwardness by Enrolling in the Above Class
NOT TOO LATE TO ENROLL IN OUR NEW ADULT BALLROOM CLASSES BEGiNNERS, WED., 7:00 P. M. ADVANCED, THURS., 7:00 P. M.
ALLEN’S
6th AND FERRY
26108
Jeepers Creepers The Devil With the Devil
Larry Clinton and Orchestra
• 26109
Jig in G Runnin’ Wild Emilio Caceres and His Orch. Emilio Caceres Trio
THE FOSTER SHOP East Side Square
Is It Easier To Worry And Complain About Business Than To Go After It
USE
EXPONENT
ADVERTISING SPACE REGULARLY
Xj
* . , ‘
- ««> A' 45# , J'
Special GIFTS because they come from You and Loeb’s!
Proudly given and oh! so proudly received are gifts that come from LOEB'‘S. Here you’ll find gifts in such perfect taste you could almost pick blindfolded — and they’re priced for as little or as much as you want to pay. Our holly-bedecked store radiates Christmas cheer and it’s brimful of the most wanted gifts for all those on your list. Make this the merriest Christmas ever — save yourself time, trouble, footsteps and money . , . choose your gifts from the widest assortment of gifts in own I
For Him!
A casual trip through the store reveals so many lovely gift ideas for "Him” that to list them would take pages. Men appreciate Shirts of quality such as Van Heusen and Essley makes. Pajamas in lustrous satins and silks, robes in glamorous rayons and colorful silks. Neckwear created by Beau Brummel, Superba, D’Orsay, Cheney in illustrious silks, poplins and wools, luggage covered with the new canvass striped fabrics and of course Gladstones in fine leathers. A Schick Electric Razor, tops of the shavers, Shaving accessories packed by Yardley of London and Shulton of New York, Leather Zipper Cases with comb, brush and places for his toilet necessities and many, many more useful things too numerous to mention.
For Her!
Practically the choice of the stote beginning with sheer Silk Stockings created by Phoenix, Kayser, Vanity Fair and others, delicately tailored lingerie such as Pajamas, Negligees, Robes, House Coats, on display both on the First and Second Floors. Alluringly styled gift Toilet Sets in pyralin created by Du Pont, glamorous Handbags in leathers, silks, suedes and fabric. Gloves of all descriptions and least but not last Toiletries imported from France. Delightful Perfumes created by D’Orsay, Weil, Guerlain, Ciro, Caron, alluring gift sets by Yardley, Lentheric, Elizabeth Arden, Frances Denney and others. Beauty Boxes filled with worthwhile preparations for travel use by Helena Rubinstein, Tussy, Ayer, Arden, Dorothy Gray, Denney ahd others. Manicure Sets by La Cross, Revelon and Cutex, Toilet Waters, Colognes, Compacts, Cigarette Cases and many other novelties.
A Gift from
means more
lOEB&HENE COMPANY
to the Recipient