fC'>
I ^ 4 h
/ ^ I.
' 'j ■‘FN;
“Vl*^ »! 1 ^ / i ^ ^ -
V
Wonder About Conscription? Read Editorial In This Issue.
j
Purdue Exponent 2-186
Weather Foreeetf £ Fair and slightly warmer today.
Volume 52, No. 20
WednesdcEy, October 2, It^
Kenneth T. Downs Is The Smoke Of The Battle
Special Speaker At First Convo Of Year
Kenneth T. Downs, of the International News Service, will be guest speaker at a special convocation which Will be held Friday evening, October 4, at 8 o'clock in the Hall of Music. Mr. Dovms will relate memorable events which he -witnessed during his work as correspondent for his news service on phases of World War II. Students will be admitted to the convocation on presentation of their passports. Faculty members and the general public possessing season tickets will be admitted. On the Spot When Hitler began his “Grand Offensive” last Spring, Downs was manager of the INS at Paris. He stayed in the city until the Germans lowered the republican fl^g. His stories of the aerial bombardment of the French countryside were read throughout the world. A night spent in a trench with a French Moroccan Eegiment at a point far in advance of the main positions of the Maginot Line, won for Downs the George E. Holmes memorial trophy for this year. This lecture is a special convo presented before the regular series begin. Downs is lecturing in this vicinity and the committee immediately secured his services, e.w.n. Accident Victim In Critical Coridition; Four Leave Hospital As an aftermath of Saturday’s accident in which Frances Eobinson, HE ’42, Battleground, was killed, John Cantonwine, Ag ’42, Greencastle, remains in a critical condition at the Home hospital. Three of the other students involved, Margaret Young, Sc ’43, Franklin Dunwoody, Ag ’42, Gordon Kerkhoff, Ag ’42, were disipissed Saturday. They were followed Monday by Helen L. Albright, HE ’42. The accident occurred on the Morehouse Gravel approximately one mile north of its intersection with U. S. Eoad 52. At this point the road bends 30 degrees to the west. The Dunwoody car, containing the students, was traveling north and was just about to enter this curve. Police Investigate The other car, containing two men from Kokomo, was traveling southeast and had almost completed the curve. Corporal Loren Ayres, Indiana State Police, investigated the accident and reported that the Kokomo car appeared to be on the wrong side of the road as it came out of the turn, the left front of it striking the right side of the other car in the middle. Crashes Against Tree The Kokomo car remained on the I’oad, but the impact turned the Dunwoody car three-quarters of the way around, throiving it against a tree. Miss Eobinson, who occupied the left side of the rear seat, was struck in the skull, probably by the front door pillar of the other car, and was thrown clear of the two cars. Miss Eobinson’s funeral wah held yesterday at 2 o’clock at the Eobinson family home near Brookston. w.e.hPetitions For Junior Positions In Activities Bureau Due October 3l Activities Bureau will receive petitions for the junior position of publicity manager until Thursday noon. There have been two applicants so far. The manager was elected last semester by the advisory board but the student, Hal Schoreisten, did not come back to school this year. The person applying for the office must be a junior with a 3.5 cumulai;ive index and must report personally ot Walter Gipe for an ihterview. m.j.f.
Applications For Advanced Training Civil Aeronautics Administration has requested thai the University initiate immediately the seeondaiy flight training program for those students who have completed the preliminary flight and grodnd school courses. Interested students are requested to report Immediately at the Student Health Service to fill out applications and the customary releases, and to take the preliminary medical and psychological examin-
ations. '
Prom the data available the committee will make the final choice of applicants on Friday, October 4. The students selected will be requested to report to the CAA medical examiner located in Indianapolis or Port Wayne. Military Training There has been some question over the statement which each applicant is required to sign Vrhich reads, “I pledge myself to apply for flight training in the military training of the United States.” Director G. Stanley Meikle has been advised by the CAA that the statement means that the trainee pledges himself to continue with military flight training at a date to be self-determined. However, if or when the trainee is within the age bracket designated by the Conscription Act, he has pledged himself to continue military flight training. This advice is interpreted to mean that the pledge does not import upon the student any obligation to discontinue his course of study at the University unless his case falls within the provisions of the Conscription Act. j.r.g. Music Room Will Show Rockwell Kent Engraving Exhibit A collection of forty of Eockwell Kent’s wood engravings, lithographs and drawings will be on exhibit in the Music Eoom of the Union from Friday, October 4, until October 24. Through the courtesy of the John Herron Art Museum of Indianapolis, some of Mr. Kent’s wood blocks, a lithograph stone, and various tools will also be shown.
Convo Speaker
Kent will be the speaker at the first regular convocation on October 16; his booklet, “How I Make A Wood Cut” will be on sale at the exhibition and the convention. The exhibit includes a number of designs for stained glass windows, interiors, textiles, clothes, magazines and advertisements. Other paintings are designs of water color and oil paintings, lithographs, etchings and block prints, j.b. Elder Opens^Bids For PI A Public Address System PIA will close bidding for contracts for a public address system ' to be used for Saturday afternoon dependent house dances throughtea dances in the Union, and for inout the year, at 6:30 p. m. Friday, October 4, according to Damon Elder, PIA social chairman. The PIA social committee is asking for the following information in all bids; ' 1. Number, type, size of amplifiers, speakers and microphones. 2. Number of recordings.
3. Price for:
(a) 12 tea dances (b) price per hour for use of equipment and recordings at independent
house dances.
4. Bids will be for the first and second semesters of this school
year.
6. Tea dances will be from 3 to 5:80 on Saturday afternoons. 6. Bids close at 5:80 on October 4,1940. 7. Payment w|ll be discussed after bid is accepted. m.k.b.
. . . over the conscription bill has finally cleared sufficiently for us to make an examination of the more important details regarding the administration of the bill. For several days now the Exponent office has been plied with draft information from various organizations; the War Department, the state selective service headtiuartOrs and several non-govemment agencies. Through all the maze of material which has reached our desk we have managed to glean a few pertinent facts which we are passing on to you in the hope that they may answer some of your questions regarding thd bill as it will work in actual practice. ' That no one may misunderstand about the registration on October 16 we would like to point out that if you are a man between the ages of 21 and 35, inclusive and are not already a member of some branch of Uncle Sam’s armed service you are required to register. Places of registration will be announced
later.
If you are 21 years old on October 16, you register. If you are 21 years old on October 17, you do not register. However, if you are 36 shears old on October 16, you won’t register, but if your 36th birthday falls one day later on Ocotebr 17, you will be required to register. Non-residents of a community are required to register regardless of where their homes are and their cards will be returned to the local boards having jurisdiction over them. Aliens are also required to register but only those who have expressed their desire to become citizens will be accepted for service. If the registrant is a student who has entered upon the regular college course during 1940, his induction shall, at his request, be deferred until the completion of the 1940-41 academic year or until July 1,1941, whichever occurs first. If a registrant is a teacher or member of the staff he may after completing his service ask for his former job. If he applies to his employer, which is the University in this case, within fortj^ days of his discharge from the service, the employer is compelled to reinstate him to his former position with the same seniority, ranking, pay, or other benefits “unless the employer’s circumstances have so changed as to make it impossible to do so.” The Univer(Continued on page 4)
Directors Announce 1940 Playshop Managing Board Wray E. Fleming, manager and general counsel for the Hoosier State Press Association, will speak at the regular weekly luncheon of the Lafayette Kiwanis club in the Central YMCA, tomorrow. His subject, “The Newspaper as an Institution,” was chosen m observance of National Newspaper Week, October 1 to 8. ^ Publisher Fleming was a publisher of newspapers in various parts of the state for many years. Scheduling of this talk was made through the assistance of Henry W. Marshall, Sr., publisher of the Lafayette JournalCourier, an honorary member of the Lafayette Kiwanis club, according to Glenn W. Sample, club member in charge of general arrangements. All Kiwanis clubs throughout North America are joining with newspaper men and other organizations in this observance of a week dedicated to the emphasis of the important and vital service rendered readers by our “free” newspapers. f.i.j.
Horticulture Society Will Elect Officers Election of officers for the Horticultural Society will take place at the meeting tonight at 7:30 in the assembly room of the Horticulture building. The program will consist of a surprise skit by the entire horticulture faculty and music by a German band composed of students, a.c. Enders Will Address Flying Club Tonight Gordon Enders, University expert on far eastern affairs, will speak at an open meeting of the flying club at 8 o’clock tonight in room 263 of the Union. The informal address will deal with his experiences while flying for the Chinese airforce. Preceding this open meeting, members of the club wilLmeet at 7:30 p. m. to conduct weekly business of the club. Bill Greve, president of the organization, invites all students and faculty members interested to attend the open meeting. l.w.r.
Military Ball Committee States Rules For Decoration Contest
Decorations are an important part of any formal dance, and the annual Military Ball, the red-letter event at Purdue, which will be held November 16, proves to be no exception. In order to produce a startling effect backdrop design, which is the most important part of the decorations, is needed by the committee in charge of the decorations. To arouse interest the committee has announced a contest for the best backdrop. ' Lee Norquest, chairman of 4:he committee in charge of decorations, has announced the following rules to govern the contest: The contest is open to any Purdue student. , Plans and drawings are to be submitted at the West Union desk sealed in an envelope addressed to Lee Norquest. The time that the plans are sub-
mitted is to be marked plainly on the envelope. In case of duplication, only the plans which were first submitted will be considered. Originality and useability are prime factors. Plans must be readable, but precise drawings are not required. The deadline is 6 p. m., Oct. 16. The Military Ball committee will act as sole judges. The designers of the two sets of plans which win will :peceive complimentary tickets to the Military Ball. Judges will pay attention to original designs which are in keeping with the theme of the dance. So, if any brilliant ideas crash through the cerebral passages of any of you boys or girls, turn them in to the West Union desk for a chance for those comps. c.a.s.
Poultry Raisers Gather For Two Day Convention Opening a two day session starting this morning at 9:30, poultry raisers from all over Indiana will attend the State Poultry Association convention to he held on the University campus. The meeting is open to everyone who is interested in any phase of poultry raising whether a member of the Associar-
tion or not.
Fraternity Advisors Attend 1st Meeting Of Year At Cary Hall The Fraternity Advisors Association, composed of one advisor from each fraternity, met for their first meeting of the academic year in Cary Hall South last night. The meeting started with a banquet served at 6 p. m. After the dinner a resume of the officers’ training school held this summer was given by E. B. Stewart, University Controller. In order to give the advisors a basis for comparison of living conditions between fraternities and the residence halls, they were taken on an inspection tour of the buildings. Following the tour, G. 0. Arbuckle, manager of the halls, led a discussion in which the advisors had the opportunity to explain and talk over the various problems which have arisen in both the fraternities and halls. Although the association has no actual authority, discussions during the meetings are helpful. It has four meetings yearly at each of which one member of the interfratemity presidents’ council is present. c.a.s. Camera Club Meets
/ f
Those attending at this, the 22nd annual convention will be welcomed to the University at 10:30 by Ddan and Director H. J. Eeed of Purdue. Evening Banquet The banquet Wednesday evening at 6:30 in the Union ballrooms will feature as the speaker of the evening, A. G. Philips, Vice President of Allied Mills, Chicago. Philips was head of the University Poultry Department from 1908 to 1925. He came here in 1908 and two yeairs later organized the poultry branch of the Agriculture Department into a separate department. The speakers for the conventimi have been chosen for their experience and knowledge of poultry. The first speaker Will be J. Turner Mills of McNabb, Illinois, who is widely recognized for his ability and experience. His subject is, “New Problems on the Hatchery Horizon.” Other Speakers Other speakers on the progam for today are: T. S. Townsley, Smith Incubator Co., Bucyrus, Ohio; Dr. J. H. Brucker, Cornell University, Ithaca, New York; Mr. E. D. Mac Daniel, Indianapolis. The program for Thursday will present such noted men as: Dr. J. Homes Martin, Dr. L. S. Eobertson, and Dr. C. E. Donham, all from the University; S. P. Smsrth, Vice President, Indiana State Egg Board, and J. W. Sicer, President of the Indiana E. O. P. Breeders Association. j.r.g. Transit Company Changes
lonwnowEYeniiis
Tomorrow night the Camera club will hold its second weekly meeting of the year. Important business will be discussed. Two members of the club will talk on some of the phases of press photography, with especial emphasis on flash and synchro-flash
photography.
Darkrooms 34, 36, 38, and 40, closed Tuesday evening for repairs, should be ready for use by Saturday noon, according to members of the darkroom committee, l.w.r. Freshmen Women To Attend WSGA Mass Rally Today Today’s mass meeting of all women students will be held in the east faculty loimge of the Union. Irnne Feldt, head of the placement service for women, will speak, freshmen and petitioners for positions on, the executive board will be inirbdofced. The following petitions were accepted from those submitted: Jane Adams, Jeanne Bolen, Nelda Byrum, Maren Chesnutt, Euth Frier, Kay Gates, Kay Heitmann, Mairtha Hilligoss, Helen Hoskinson, Lucie Johnson, Jane Keim, Virginia Keiser, Virginia Lee MacDonald, Betty Ann McCreery, Virginia Mittendorf, Jane Moreland, Gerry O’Neil, Marjorie Pabst, Bette Poole, Lucinda Eedwine, Constance Eippe, Virginia Schakel, Jean Sherman, Shirley Smuqker, Jean Spicher, Anne Van Hook, Maxine Wintin, Carolyn Wood, and Jean Yahres. The election for freshman representatives will be held tomorrow in the Union from 8 a. m. to 5 p. m. Only freshmen women showing their passports will be permitted
to vote. w.e.h.
According to an announcement by the Lafayette Transit Compmiy, there has been a change in the routing of buses through West Lafayette. Effective yesterday morning, the Grant St. Loop is discontinued; j the University line has been routed east when it reaches Stadium, then north along Grant to Meridian, west along Meridian to the loop formed by Chfelsea and Eavinia in Hills and Dales. The bus then proceeds back along Meridian, Grant, Stadium, University, into State and across the river. Anpther line will be routed off State, north on Salisbury to Connolly, along Connolly to Eobinson, south on Eobinson to Stadium, west on Stadium, back into Salisbury and south again to State. b.jJ.
The Night' Editor's Corner
Pi Beta Phi
... social sorority, announces the initiation of the following; Barbara Lupton, West Lafayette; Jane Pavey, Bronxville, New York; Jane Eobinson, Indianapolis; Eachel Stewart, Greensburg. n.z.
Some queer things creep into this office in the course of a day’s wor^ and we get rather aceostomed to them, but last night's example still has us wondering. Exponent as far as we know, has never done mu<di in the fisring business; c<msequemtly we’ve never seen om: way (dear to buying an airplane. Or an airplane engioe. Also it’s against the bett^ principles of economics to sell something you don’t have. Some one should have told that to the-little man that sent us a receipt for the delivery of one Lycoming airplane engine—“deliver^ in good condl-^ tion.” We were stunned! im atm are—the so-and-so didn’t send toe check. Lwjr.nM
PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday. October 2, 1940
'!</
The ^th C^olunm
Ever since our professors started bleating about this muzzle called the Hatch act we’ve been trying to figure out a way for them to beat it. And at last we got it. This is just a bare outline. We will swap the complete set of instructions for one on how to beat the University out of a diploma. * ♦ * For instance. U you are a Kepublican and you wish^ to give Roosevelt a good cussing in class you simply make reference to TMMIW. (That mad man in Washington.) * * * And if you want to eulogize that God sent savior from Indiana, just say WTHOOC. It’s very simple. Sounds sort of like a sneeze and means: (Willkie, the hope of our country.) * * * The system works equally as well for dyed in the wool Democrats. Now then, when about to launch into a long discussion on the merits of the New Deal and wish to mention the head man say GBOP. In short. (God bless our president.) * * * Of course a good Democrat needs no code for the name of Willkie. He just ignores it. >|i >)< Equally good short cuts are available for the names of all other incumbents and aspirants. Plus scrambled
The Purdue Exponent
Bntered aai^aecood duw matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Cooerress of March >, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorised January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weddy during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrimr for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60.
E^tor-ia-Chief_ Duriness Manager-
• K. W. Donahue -Merie Hagemerer
PuMkaHon Staff
-J. H. MeKee
Mews Eiditor
Managing Editor D. K. He^>le Associate Editors; W. K. Heaton, N. A. Odiiltree, J. A. Fnroell, L. W. ftuffner, B. M. ffimllemp, J. L. Trangott. Business Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. & Powczb, G. 0. leinders; Promotioa Manager, C. B. Dangehnajer; Accounts Manager, B. J. Sbadford; Circulation Manager, B. M. Beet^wuda ^
Editor
Co-ed Staff
— Beth Simpson
Associate Editors: Mary Bay Miller, Both Bose, Donna
SiesB.
Editor .
Sports Staff
J. P. Dolaa
Assoeiate Editoca: J. F. Adamson. P. C. Johnson, B. O.
Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Bepresented for natiooal advertiaing by National Advertising Senriee, Inc., College PubUshers Bepresentattves, 420 Madison Ave., New Torl^ N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor—^Ruffner Day Editor—Miller Ass’t Night Editor—^Zinski Night Sports Editor—^Adamson Sophomore staff: J. F. Amos, W. M. Clark, P. I. Jones, C. A. Stoeckel, E. W. Nordlinger, J. R. Galloway, M. Boynton, M. J. Pox, N. Zachary, B. J. Lahr, M Chanel, A. Chatfield, P. A. Howard, J. Horr, F. L. Greckel.
titles for government bureaus and agencies. Code books are available for class room use. The beautiful thing about the whole system is that it’s as subversive as hell. And sounds like double talk.—dkh
Purdue’s # Interesting 0 People By Donna Siess Common talk would have it that this crazy mad world in which we’re living is so concerned over technical progress and machine-age advancement that the weKare and happiness of the human being is forgotten. Even on our own campqs this spirit of mechanical development might overshadow the development of human personality were it not for the efforts of Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, Professor of Management of the University. It is the responsibility of Dr. Gilbreth to attempt to balance technical progress with the progress of the human being. Her experience with her own family of 11 children has giy^en her a great deal of insight into human problems, but most of you know the story of her personal life. In the University she is connected with the general engineering, industrial psychology, home econ-< omics departments, and with the Dean of Women’s oflSces in connection with careers for women. It is interesting to note the projects which Dr. Gilbreth is engaged in promoting this year. As a member of the Twentieth Century Fund Housing Problem committee, she with the other members, has just finished a housing and defense report. The headquarters of the organization are in New York and it is their duty to study housing and defense problems throughout the U. S. and to attempt to draw up plans for improvement in these fields. Due to the interest of the University in housing projects, the campus may be a sight for the next committee meeting, and if so, will do a great deal toward bringing the school even more into the spot-
light.
In connection with her interest in careers for women, she is chairman of a committee of University women. This committee has just completed a Code of Ethics for Volunteer Women,” which code is being used as a part of fostering of a professional attitude toward a job whether salary is received or not. For a progressive modem woman who has not only contributed to the progress of the nation, but has lived a well-rounded normal life as well, / we nominate Dr. Lillian Gilbreth. Yours for more interest. Presbyterian Party Features Radio Quiz A radio quiz session will be a part of the entertainment of a party at the University Presbyterian Church Saturday, October 6, at 7:30 p. m. Facts, music quizzes, and types of programs current on the radio will also be featured. The party, which is for all studeffits, was originally schediiled for Friday night but was changed becanae of the convocation. a.c.
n
ew6
By Jean Horr
Members of the Intramural Board will hold a meeting tonight at 7:00 in the W.A.A. oflBice. Representatives frmo.each ward, sorority, and Residence Halls will attend.
—waa—
Mary K. Brown, well-known tennis player, will be on campus October 3 and 4. She will give an exhibition game and lessons at 4 both afternoons. All those who are interested are invited to attend.
—^waa—
Ward parties for all unorganized girls and those not living in residence halls will begin October 7, and continue through the 9th.
—^waa—
Fencing is a great sport, girls, come out every Tuesday and Friday at 4 o’clock. Let’s learn to-
gether. —^waa—
Hurry! hurry! hurry! Hockey players, get your practices in every Monday, Wednesday and Friday so you can make the team. The United States Field Hockey team is coming here October 13 and 14. There will be a big exhibition game Sunday evening and Monday afternoon our team will play theirs.
—waa—
Don’t forget speedball. Practices every Tuesday and Thursday at 4
o’clock. —^waa—
Wo|uld you like to be on the W. A. A. Council? Then make yoturself and your interests known by helping in the W. A. A. office one or two nights a week. There will be poster making, typing and filing to do.
WBAA
WEDNESDAY 11:00—Far East Problems and Contemporary Affairs — Gordon Enders. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes 12:00—Farm Facts for Farm Folks 12:15—Sports Review • 12:30—Meet the Band 12:45—Monitor Views the News 1:00—Religious News 1:15—Market Reports 1:30—^Afternoon Melodies 1:45—Meditations 2:00—-Elizabeth Crump Enders 2:30—The Bookman 2:45—^Hymn Echoes—Jean Waddell. 3:00—Souvenirs 3:30—Symphony Hall
Tryouts
. . . for the dancing chorus of the Union Thanksgiving show will be held in the south ballroom, Friday afternoon at 4 o’clock. w.e.h.
—TODAY— — DOUBtE FEATURE CARY GRANT JEAN ARTHUR In ONLY ANGELS HAVE WrNGS
PUIt
BLONDIE — WITH — PENNY SINGLETON ARTHUR LAKE
Starts TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE TOUCHDOWN ARMY — WITH — JOHN HOWARD MARY CARLISLE — PLUS — \ BABY SANDY MISQHA AUER in Unexpected Father
LAST DAY—2 HITS
NANCY KELLY JON HALL — IN — "SAILOR'S LADY" — ALSO — AKIM TAMIROFF „ GLADYS GEORGE — IN — The Way of All Flesh'
—THURS. - FRI. - SAT.— ROY ROGERS — IN — "COLORADO" — ALSO — CHESTER MORRIS JANE WYATT — IN — 'Girl From God's Country'
MAM — LAST TIMES TODAY — The Comedy RioU srifMlflo time RUSSELifeon^' with GENEVIEVE TOBIN • CHARLIE RUGGLE! —TOMORROW-FRI DAY— ...WAT WAITED THREE tHOUSAND YEARSI...
DICK FORAN^PKGY MORAN
B^B
Dirt! Brown gooey mud. Duck, you Sigma Chi’s, you had a b-a-a-d week-end. Here’s some stuff cornin’ your way. Hope you like it. —B&B— Here’s a particularly talented coed. Betty Ann Groves, Chi O, bounced Bud Taylor’s Sig Chi pin back at him last Friday night, only to have him telephone her at 6 a. m. the next morning. Oh, if wire tapping were only legal, would we have copy! He had a new date Saturday night, but Betty Ann shouldn’t mind (and probably doesn’t) because she was wearing a hometown Phi Delt emblem next to Bud’s pin last summer. Yah - Hoo, double header! t —B & B— Martha Jane Baub, Theta, renight. This doesn’t simprise us. turned Sig Chi Scotty Murray’s pin at the cord dance last Saturday —B & B— Sigma Nu Morrie Click will have to come across now. He swore he wouldn’t send the Thetas candy in honor of his pinning of Jean Ainsworth until the Thetas brushed up on the Sigma Nu song. In order to help a brother the boys serenaded the Thetas with five renditions of “The White Star.” Not to be downed, the Thetas retaliated with a serenade last Wednesday night, singing the song no less than ten times. —B & B— And just to prove that there are some who still have “faith,” A1 Croxall of the Sleep And Eat fraemity pushed his pin on Faith Wayne a week ago last Friday night. It seems fated that the two houses comprising three-fourths of the card room crowd should get together now and then. —B & B— Another hopeful couple in the face of the Sig Chi disasters. Meredith Kirkpatrick, Theta, took Dick Stear’s Phi Psi pin Sunday. —B & B— Shhhh! We hear that an FBI man has been plain-clothesing from table to table at the Blazer. He slyly inquires if the young men at the table are 21. Unsuspecting, the confident swains whip out their licenses, only to be strong-armed out of the place and into a waiting army truck. Curses! Conscripted.
—LAST TIMES TODAY-
Pa.an.ounl JOAN .
rBlOHOELl-POmi
THURS. —FRI. —SAT.
with LEW AYRES LIONEL BARRYMORE URAINE DAY. Samuels. Hinds. Gene Lockhart iRaiPendleton.EinniaDunn
LAST TIMES TODAY
Of MILE HMD men
— WITH — BURGESS MEREDITH LON CHANEY, JR. —and—
— ALSO — 'Terry and the Pirates," Serial
-THUIV5. - FRI. - SAT."LITTLE ORVIE" 'MAN FROM TUMBLEWEED' RED RYDER SERIAL FIRST RUN NEWS
Letters To The Editor --
Editor’s Note: Prom among the many letters which we have received in answer to the one from Mrs. Mavity in yesterday’(| Exponent we have selected thos^ below as being most typical of Campus opinion. To those of you who wrote the letters which were not printed — thanks. We apprecitae your inter est and hope to hear from you again. Dear Sir: In answer to a letter in your column from a Mrs. Mavity, 661 N. Seventh, Lafayette, we, a group of “poor farmer boys/’ wish to clear up some of the “common sense” Mrs. Mavity does not seem to understand. P. D. Roosevelt is by far one of the smaller benefactors of Purdue and comes a long way from being the only benefactor.^ We are not biting the hand that feeds us. Our stadium was made possible only through the large sums of money donated by two former students, Mr. Ross and Mr. Ade, as were nuffiierous other buildings. We “poor farmer boys” are far from leading a life of luxury. F. D. Roosevelt, born with all the money he could ever use, knows very little of the struggle we have gone through to obtain our education. We feel that Mr. Willkie, who has worked his way up from the bottom without the help of others, knows what real poverty can mean. Mrs. Mavity pays very little of her money toward the upkeep of Purdue in the form of taxes. Cary Halls are kept through the room rent of the boys living there. The Union is doing a good job of supporting itself to a great extent. The stadium and fieldhouse are kept up through the proceeds of the games, etc. Twenty-six dollars of the tuition we students pay per year goes, to the upkeep of the Union, Music Hall, Stadium, etc. From around seven thousand students, this amounts alone to $182,000. Many of the NYA students are working on scientific research problems while the rest do work that taxpayers must pay for in a State Institution. Please, Mrs. Mavity, why don’t you think this matter over in a little more open-minded manner? Look in your Who's Who and see
how many former Purdue students you can find and notice that they didn’t obtain their place there through money but through hard earned efforts. It doesn’t pay to be so prejudiced against everything progressive. Here are seven more votes for WILLKIE. Signed, A. C. Stone, Ag ’41 D. E. Hanna, Ag ’41 C. E. Johnson, Ag '41 M. W. Adams, Ag ’41 S. B. Legg, Ag ’41 G. S. Abshier, Ag ’41 H. M. Gutterman, Ag ’41 Dear Sir: It is impossible to permit the letter of Tuesday morning tendered by Mrs. J. H. Mavity, to stand without reply. We cannot overlook the apparent lack of open-mindedness used in appraising the Purdue student of today, and in condemning those who even dare to be rational enough to question the right of a party to continue in unlimited power. If there ARE objectors other than herself among the “residents of the East Side,” it should be remembered by these people that of those students supposedly living in luxury at the expense of the taxpayers, only about 10% are “farmer boys,” and fully 100% of them are responsible for stimulation which local business feels when school begins each September. The Exponent poll, erroneously called “Gallup poll,” does not necessarily indicate a lack of appreciation for what the present administration MAY or MAY NOT have done for student welfare. It merely shows that those students who favored the election of Mr. Willkie are open-minded thinkers. They do not intend to be disillusioned when it comes to voting on the maintenance of fundamental principles of democratic government. Sincerely, W. J. and R. A. S.
Only seven or eight coats of auto body lacquer are applied to new cars now, whereas two decades ago autos received as many as 27 coats of auto varnish.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
> School Supplies University Book Store Across from the Union Next to the College Inn M C. "Red" Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
Hardware Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Dairy Products M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Ifs the DOBBS!
Quality — style — everyihing you look for in a hat — is yours in a Dobbs! Nothing finer can be said about the hat you wear than..."It’s the Dobbs.”
•OOMiilNST.
CUmUBSHOPIHCeWednesday, October 2, 1940
PURDUE {EXPONENT
*d( (
lllHsiins
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
And today begins another classic of the diamond, the World Series. And with it will emanate stars, heroes, and a goat. We place the last in the singular because during every series, their emerges one man, regardless of his past, to be classed as “the goat” of the seven or less game grind. —I-I— During the past week we have inquired and read of these past martyrs of baseball, and in every case we have found that “the goat” has been performing some other player’s job or doing what he though't was right only to be crossed up by the rest of the team. —I-I— In 1917, third baseman Heinie Zimmerman, Giants, chased Eddie Collins across the plate with the winning run of the series. “Why did he ” you ask. The answer is simple: Ko one was covering the plate, as the catcher had been maneuvered out of position by the back-and-forth pegging when Collins had been caught between third and home. —I-I— Both the pitcher and first baseman failed to cover home; so Zimmerman did the only thing . . . pur-
siiit. But to tell the entire story-, would ruin a sport writer’s story, and those propagandists must have their goats. Let’s take a recent “goat incident.” Last series saw Cincinnati’s big catcher, Lombardi, take it on the chin for his dying swan act, but he had a right to croak. And his “swan dive” had no bearing on the outcome of the game. Here’s the picture: « —I-I— Crosetti and Keller are on the bases. . . . DiMaggio is batting and smacks Bucky Walters’ next pitch into right for a clean hit, scoring Crosetti (with the winning run). The ball takbs a screwy hop and hits right fielder Goodman on the shoulder, and Keller takes off- for home, and so does Goodman’s delayed throw. —I-I— The throw comes into the plate in little short hops and big Lombardi takes it bent low and swings into the runner with the same motion, getting Keller’s flsdng knee in the temple—down goes Lombardi in a trance and DiMaggio does the square of bases before the ball is recovered. And mind you, Keller’s and the DiMag’s runs weren’t even needed, but a goat story was; therefore ... -1-1— Those very considerate fellows, “who know the very incentive that makes an athlete’s heart beat,” “who feel the very spurts of energy a ball player releases when he feels the ‘urge,’ ” “those lovable (?) guys in the press box,” saw their “goat story” lying out there in front of them blocking home plate in such a stunned condition that he couldn’t get up, but tomorrow’s readers
You’ll Do Better at REIFERS Fine Furniture, Rugs, Carpets, Linoleum and Draperies
Have You Read a Good Book Lately? ... if not drop Wo the Browsing Room and spend an enjoyable afternoon reading in quiet pleasant surroundings. The Browsing Room is maintained for the enjoyment and comfort of all Purdue students. Its shelves are filled with the best in modern fiction and plays. Here you may find just the novel or play that you have promised yourself to read. J/UL fiwvdwL T^sunffdoL lAiwofL The Corner of the Campus— , Yet the Center of Activities
Mary K. Brown Will Teach Tennis Classes Mary K. Brown, woman tennis authority, will appear on campus tomorrow and Friday, October 3 and 4, as a guest of the women’s physical education, department, to give b))ecial instruction to some of the 170 girls enrolled in the tennis classes. She will also participate in an exhibition doubles maten with University instructors and §tudents. Classes which Miss Brown will instruct will be held at 2, 3 and 4 on Thursday afternoon and at 9 and 11 a. m. and 2 and 3 p. m. on Friday. According to William “Big Bill” Tildeh in his recent book on tennis. Miss Brown is “the cleverest and most advanced woman in professional tennis teaching.” f.i.j.
wouldn’t know that fact; they would read THE STORY. -I-I-And then there is Roger Peckinpaugh, Washington Senators ’25, who made eight errors in the seriej^ to get hell for the duration of series newspapers. The writers didn’t disclose the fact that “Peck’s” hitting was responsible for getting the Senators into the play-offs. He’d set the batting mark that year, but that was a week before the series started. -I-I— And there you have the other side of the glorious game of sport writing, the guy who cares more for the premium paid for his “story” than for consideration of others. Today starts another world series, and before eight days have passed there will be a marked man who participated in the classic known as the “goat.” Before we swallow these feature stories, let’s look into this goat stuff, and we’ll find the real goat right up in the press box drinking eokes (and), smoking cigars, and eating sandwiches, not at his own expense—^but^t the ball club’s. They are “my hero^” power of the press.. . . ugh! ' —I-I-There’s a certain New York sports writer pending a suit for some defamation of character, Lou Gehrig’s character, and I hope that writer loses his jeans.
Detroit, Cincinnati. Meet Today In First World's Series Tilt The final surge of 1940’s baseball interest will be focused on a quiet little Ohio River metropolitan center this afternoon, as the Detroit Tigers and Cincinnati’s Own Reds clash in the first game of the World’s Series. The Reds, who made mincemeat out of other National League teams this season, will be out to make amends for their miserable showing against the Yankees last year; while the Detroit lads have hopes of continuing the marked American League superiority in the fall' contests. Two Cripples Both teams took light workouts yesterday, and the Tigers at any rate seem in top form for today’s tilt. The Reds on the other hand have come up with a pair of injuries that may prove very serious as far as the Cincinnati chances are concerned. Lonny Frey, the Red’s second baseman, is limping aroimd with a broken toe but is expected to be cavorting somewhere in the vicinity of the keystone sack when today’s encounter gets under way. It is quite likely, however, that Ernie Lombardi will miss at least the first game of the series. The big catcher sprained his right ankle two weeks ago and has been lumbering aroTind ' like a lame steer for the last day or two. Derringer Starts In all probability, Paul Derringer will start on the mound for the Reds, and either “Schoolboy” Rowe or Buck Newsom will take charge of the pitching duties for the Tigers. Bucky Walters is getting ready to start the second game for Cincinnati, but outside of the first two games, neither manager will give any suggestions of whom he intends to send to the mound. The Detroiters have been established as 7-10 favorites, but this figure is expected to vary a little in favor of the Tigers before game time. The first two battles will be played before capacity crowds of aroimd thirty-three thousand in Cincinnati,
**Lovely to Behold” Don't forget your new hairdo is just "^as important as your smartest dress. Let our expert stylists create one for you with a proper foundation of one of our permanents.
Fran's Beauty Salon
Room 205 Schultz Bldg
Phone 4420
Cross-Country Squad To Oppose Cream And Crimson Team In Season's Opener Facing the highly touted Harrier squa^ from Bloomington on their home track this Friday afternoon the Riveter crosscountry team will open its 1940 season. Runners-up in both the Big Ten and N. C. A. A. last year, the Indiana thinlies should at least be able to match strides with Coach Herman Phillips’ men.
Ed Holderman, captain of the Boilermaker track squad and distance runner extraordinary, will have a chance to renev^ old battle when he competes against the Cream and Crimson starWayne Tolliver. Last spring the two men provided two of the most thrilling races of that season’s schedule when they met in the two mile runs at the Big Ten and State meets. In both' of these races Holderman was able to hold up Riveter honor by winning
each race by close margins.
Counting bn a more balanced squad this year. Coach Phillips believes in spit of the high calibre of the opposition that his squad is likely to make a good showing this fall. In addition to Holderman, last year’s runner-up' for individual honors, several other veterans are back.
Speed Trials Yesterday
Yesterday’s speed trials indicate that the seven men likely to start Friday’s greuling jaunt are Holderman, Schulman, Appleton, Jarvis, McLaughlin, Roach and Reeves. Stanley may take Reeves place, however, since he was imable to run yesterday, but will probably qualify
among the first seven.
Although the Boilermaker squad has never succeeded in beating the Indiana cross-country aggregation Saturday’s results may tell a different story. In yesterdays qualifying runs Captain Holderman succeeded in circumnavigating the course in 18 minutes and 56 seconds. His last year’s record was 18 minutes and 50 seconds, but these figures cannot be relied upon as an accurate index of his performance due to the fact the course has been changed since last year. Therefore Holderman’s time may actually be better this year although the figures
do not seem to indicate this.
'The complete cross-country sched-
ule follows:
Oct. 4—^Indiana at Purdue. Oct. 12—Pittsburgh at Purdue. Oct. 19—^Purdue at Ohio State. Oct. 26—^Wisconsin at Purdue. Nov. 2—^Purdue at Wayne (De-
troit).
Nov. 9—^Big and Little State Meets at Purdue. Nov. 16—^Big Ten Meet at Chicago. Nov. 26—G.A.A. Meet at East Lansing, Mich.
Intramural
Sports
FRATERNITY GOLF
Finals of inter-fratemity golf show a close battle for the crown annexed last year by Phi Kappa Sigma. Still in the running are: Phi Kappa Sigma, Sigma Nu, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Lambda Chi Alpha, and the winner of the Delta
Tau Delta-Kappa Sigma match.
Phi Kappa Sigma has shown the most power in the tournament so far with Evers shooting a 71, McAny Sophomores interesetd in becoming a Junior Intramural Manager, please report to the Intramural office in the Fieldhouse at 4
p. m. this week.
Quillan another 71, and Schutt a 70 in a decisive win over the Phi Kappa Psi’s. Other low scores were turned in by Peppier who shot a 72 for the Sigma Alpha Epsilon team and Dixon with a 70 for the Lambda Chi Alphas. Inconsistency on the part of one or two members of almost every team offset an occasional low score and took that team out of the run-
ning.
Schedules TENNIS
4:16
J. S. Sells vs. J. Cummings. C. S. Armstrong vs. W. M. VanCamp. B. L. May vs. Dick Stettner. W. R. Dudzinski vs. R. H. Paul.
Gardner vs. Wells.
Cohen vs. Lichtenberg.
Reed vs. Collins.
//
The House
— ... and It’s Care” is the title of a book written by Dean Mary L. Matthews of the home economics school. It has been written primarily for use in senior high schools and junior colleges, and includes material on house planning, decoration and furnishing, and home man-
agement. w.e.h.
For the qirl who isn't a staq-at-home I
colocjne
• Lucien Lelong’s "Carefree” Cologne is delicious anywhere, but perfect for out- > of-doorsi Made for the girl who’s vivid, active, always on the go. Large handclasp flacon. $3.75. Now/ tn a smaller size at
DECKER’S
518-20 Main St.
Phone 5036
6et More Fun Out oHout Sports, Work, Soeia'^
CheiN Delicious
DOUBUMIMI sum DarW I women- ev y
^ »rvd women eveiywhMe Mert coUege men flavor . - • Ihe
menpensrve.( '
111
f
11'^
I utils'
H 4
PURDUfi EXPONENT
Wednesday, October 2, ld4d H
4\
i*
Notices
H* Motlew i«e«lT«4 after < p. ou
Tan Beta Pi; Meeting Wednesday, October 2 at 4 p m. m room 808 of the Union. —MONTGOMERY.
PA Systems: Open bid for P. A. system for PIA tea dances. Information at the PIA office in the Union. —ELDER.
Registration Workers: Students who worked for the Registrar during the first sem^ter registration and turned in their time promptly, may get their check by calling at the Registrar’s office. —STONE.
All Students: Any students interested in doing art work for the 1941 Debris see Jean Jones in the Debris office on Monday, Tuesday, or Wednesday, September 80, October 1, October 2, at 4 p. m. —JONES.
Purdoe Women’s Club: Two Splash hours in the Women's gym on Tuesday, October 1. and Thursday, October 8, at 10 a. m. Each person must bring a doctor’s permit, her own cap. and ten cents. Regular swimming classes will begin Tuesday, October 16. Mrs. K. W. Grain is in charge of the swimming group this year. —SMITH.
Student Counselors: Correction of September 28, 1940 notice — All student counselors for men are to turn in their freshman Activities Bureau interview cards to the personnel office as soon as interviews are completed. Counselors of men are to turn in their other interview forms to the faculty advisor with whom they work as soon as they can. —JOHNSON.
Chi Epsilon: Meeting Thursday, October 3 at 7 -30 p m in room 236 of the Union —MYERS.
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting Thursday, October 3, at 7:30 p m. in room 305 of the Union. An interesting meeting has been planned Visitors are welcome. —LONG.
Alpha Zeta: Special meeting Wednesday, October 2, at 7:30 p. m. in room 306 of the Union. Important. —STEWART.
Delta Rho Kappa: Short meeting for discussion of pledging Wednesday, October 2, at 5 p. m. in room 232 of the Union. —OSWALT.
Science Seniors: Dividend of one coke per person declared Meeting in grill at 4 p. m. on Wednesday, October 2. —OSWALT. YWCA Cabinet;^ See schedule of office assignments posted on bulletin board in office immediately —WOELFFLE.
All Freshmen: All freshmen who wish to try for the freshman basketball squad will report daily this week from 3 •16 to 6 p. m. to Coach Lambert in the Fieldhouse. —LAMBERT.
Camera Club: Important meeting for business and short discussion period, 7:30 p m., Thursday, October 3, in room 304 of the Union GEPHART.
Men’s SCA and Club Presidents: Meeting will be held on Thursday, October 3, at 4:16 p. m in room 304 of the Union to discuss cooperative action for houses m social and extra-curricular activities. Those unable to attend please send representatives PIA dance comps will be available GRIFFIN.
All Men Yell Leaders: Report at stadium Wednesday, October 2, at 4 p. m. —DELMER.
Independent Men: May still sign up for
AFTER4^M^ trips
Have you noticed how clothes are just full of gritty dirt particles after an auto trip? That’s when they need our thorough Sanitone cleaning. This different cleaning method of ours penetrates fabrics and gently removes imbedded dirt —restores color and softness. W. S. Offic*—132 Northwestern
Saturday's Swing Session Wiii Feature Given's Music Irv Given and his New Music will play for the Union Mixer next Saturday night and for a swing session that will be held from 7 p. m. to 8 p. m. in the ballroom. According to Given the trend on the campus this year is toward sweet music and his band plans to present the “sweetest musio on the campus.”
the PIA Men’s chorus in PIA office or by contacting E. J. Sapcak. There are still about IB vacancies —SMOLEVITZ.
Military Students: Distinguished Gun squad Competition, 76 m.m. gun. Voluntary squads consisting of Executive and Assistant, both juniors, and Chief of Section, Gunner, and six Cannoneers, all sophomores. Squads organized by juniors. Applications must be filed with Lt. Col. White or Lt. Sietsma prior to noon, October 9. —WHITE
Freshman Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering lectures will report Saturday, October 6, by schools as follows: Those whose names begin with A-E, Civil Engineering Bldg., room 201, F-K, Michael Golden Shops, room 101; L-R, Electrical Engineering Bldg., room 264; S-Z, Electrical Engineering Bldg , room 129. —KNAPP.
Military Ball Committee: Meeting at 4 p. m , Thursday, October 3, in room 203 of the Armory. —AULL
Sliver Mask: Meeting Thursday, October 3, 7:16 p m. in room 232 of Union. All members pleasebe present. Important —PITCHER.
Reamer Pledges: Meet Wednesday, October 2, at 4 p. m. in PIA office for instructions. —POST.
MT Interbattery Softball: Games today. H-1 vs. H-3 on diamond 1, A-1 vs. A-3 on 2; B-1 vS. B-3 on 3; C-l vs. C-3 on 4. D-1 vs D-3 on 5 , E-1 vs. E-3 on 6 , F-1 VS. F-3 on 7; S-1 vs. S-3 on 8, H-2 vs H-4 on 9 , A-2 vs. A-4 on 10 , B-2 vs. B-4 on 11: C-2 vs. C-4 on 12 ; D-2 vs. D-4 on 13 ; E-2 vs E-4 on 14 , F-2 vs. F-4 on 16; S-2 vs. S-4 on 16 •—^ANTRlM
Glider Club; Work session Friday afternoon, October 4, 3 to 6 p m. at Glider club garage behind Tucker’s gas station. All out please. Regular meeting Thursday, October 3, 7 p m , room 328 of Union —SMITH
Fraternity Presidents Council: Special meeting at SAE house at 7:30 Thursday, October 3. —DOUGLAS.
All Organizations: Clubs and organizations wishing to use roomus in the Union Building for monthly, semi-monthly, or weekly meetings, etc , should notify the Student Union office shortly as to the days and times desired —CLARK. 10-4
WAA Fencing: Fencing practice will be held for everyone at 4 o’clock on Tuesday and Friday afternoons -t-McFARLAND.
Weight Lifters: All men interested in weight lifting club please meet in room 104 of the Fieldhouse, Wednesday, October 2, at 7:30 p m. —SCOTT.
Rnaa-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone, 2407.
Lost: Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity pin somewhere on the campus. Call Adams, 3301. Reward.
Lost: 8 keys in case between C. E Bldg and Cary Hall. Call 6086. W. Frenz
Board and room for one student at the “Bivouac,” 40 N. Salisbury
Room for rent: % of double room with 2 closets, soft water, shower, stoker heat 134 Andrew Place
Coed Yell Leaders: Following report at stadium Wednesday, October 2, at 4 p m : Fisher, Jacobsen, Thuerk, Weber, Staudt, Danner, and Collins —DELMER.
One or two students to share apartment with two others. Cooking privileges. Phone 7242.
.19
J<[ever before sold at this price! 4 Gore "contour cut" made of finest quality rayon satin . . . with pull proof double stitched seams. Its shimmering beauty and perfect fit are permanentl "SINCERE” Shirts for Men Smart new patterns and colors that will appeal to the younger fellows. Assorted sleeve lengths full cut—trubenized collar. Sizes 14 to 17.
.50
THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622-626 Main St. Lafayette, Ind.
Press Manager Will Address Kiwanis Club For Newspaper Week The Managing Board of Playshop for the year 1940-41 has been announced by the directors. The board includes: Harold Rodenberg, business manager; Thomas Keefer, assistant business manager; Martha Jane Fox, press publicity manager; Myra McKee, personnel manager; Jean Passnacht, house manager; Merle Keck, stage manager; and Harold Martin, Laboratory Group manager. The office of personnel manager has been added to the board this year. m.j.f. Delta Gamma , . . Alumnae Association held a benefit bridge party at the Union yesterday afternoon. This group, composed of faculty and townspeople, is promoting the new university chapter that was instituted last spring. Over font hundred attended and enjoyed bridge amid the bronze, pink and blue decorations of the Delta Gamma colors. President of the organization is Mrs. Henrietta Crockett, Pan-Hellenic representative, Mrs. Lynn Miller and chapter advisory committee, Mrs. Wm. Hiestand. e.w.n.
Organization Heads Meet Today For Discussion Of Adivily Revisions All organization heads will meet at 7 p. m. today in room 304 of the Union to discuss new ideas and the unnecessary or overlapping func/tions of the various organizations. Each representative will present at the beginning of the meeting an outline of the program of his respective ' organization. Those organizations desiring representatives at the meeting were asked to contact the Activities Bureau yesterday. Activities Bureau and Mortar Board are sponsoring the meeting. m.f. Military Band Will Play At Columbifs Saturday the 172 piece University military band will travel to Columbus, to play at the Ohio State game. After making their initial appearance in Columbus two years ago, the band this year is eicpected to put on an even finer show, demonstrating the latest in formation styles. Last night the band provided the music for the annual Horse Show in Lafayette, and today they will begin rehearsals for the game on their newly made practice gridiron east of the Chemical Engineering building, b.j.l.
THE SMOKE OP THE BATTLE (Continued from page 1) sity has already stated tha,t it will reinstate any of its employees who are called for training. Those selected for the draft will be paid at the rate of $21 per month for the first four months and $30 a month for theremainder of their service. Service will be limited to one year unless Congress determines that the national security requries an extension of this time. Further, and this is a point which has been brought up many times by opponents of the bill, selectees may not be inducted into service until the military authorities are able to afford them adequate shelter, sanitary facilities, etc. This is by no means a comprehensive survey of the bill. We have tried to cover only the points which we believe pertain chiefly to our readers. On file in this office is a copy of the bill as passed by Congress along with the other infonhation which we have mentioned. Anyone desiring to learn more aboui the bill is welcome to use this file._
Home Ec Club Invites ^ohn Robertson
Fresh Co-eds To Tea Virginia C. Meredith Club for home economics students will entertain its members and all freshmen who wish to attend at an introductory tea at 4 p. m. Monday in the Home Economics building. A program preceding the tea will be held in the auditorium, following which tea will be served in the lobby. Counselors are urged to
. . . ME ’36, has received an offer from the Dutch air ministry to go to Java as a flying instructor for Dutch naval officers at the Java naval base. His parents, Mr. and Mrs. R. R. Robertson, of Los Angeles, are both of the class of ’07. He is a nephew of Dr. C. H. (Big Robbie) Robertson, ’96. w.e.h.
bring their counselees, and all other freshmen co-eds are likewise urged to attend, m.k.b.
Classified Ads FOR SALE Typewriters and adding; machines, new and used, for sole, rent and repaired All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office sapplies. Mlmeogrraph and mnltteraph work. C. F. Ebersboff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779. —da
0.,„ ,h. Ml» If your team ts KtcRtng j Zch your Uam? Or the opponents? ^ Are you always missing the referee s s^gnals What player do coaches agree is most e.c^t^ng to watch. ...h fim out of a football game if you let
■■' .cTARV OF WILL ROGERS-ALSO-THE intimate idol, told by the human story of ^ lifelong companion, Betty his first sweetheart, Ins ^ thousands of friendBlahe Rogers. TThat U the "“^^fRead VneU C«s ships Will found tune jn ^ ^(Ken or First of eight ^ , ertioles. cartoons, more other features-short stones, sen
SATURDAY mmm