r
Purdue
Exponent
Volume 5L No. 185
Wednesdoyf Bfoy 22, 1340
Music Organizations Name '40-'41 Officers At Banquet By John Zinski University musical organizations last night announced the election of Richard P. Thornton as manager of the Glee Club, Joseph Shepherd as manager of the Concert Choir, J. Henry Amt as manager of the University Choir, Ruth McDoniels as treasurer, Mary Crane as co-ed executive, Joan LeBoeuf as activities representative, and Vernon Westburg as orchestra manager for the 1940-41 school year at their annual banquet at Lincoln* Lodge.
As the 1940-41 officers were announced, they took the chairs of the retiring officers at the speaker’s table. The senior members of the musical organizations of the University were presented with certificate^ in acknowledgment of the excellent work done by them in music while students at the University. Robinson Gets Award The 1940 Senior Award was presented to Rosemary Robinson, HE ’40. Miss Robinson has been accompanist for both the University and Concert Choir, the Summer Chorus, WBAA programs and has played for many University musical functions during her college course. In addition, she was co-ed executive of musical organizations. The Senior Award is a plaque bearing the following inscription: ‘‘This award is presented each year to the graduate having contributed most to Musical Activities during his college career.” Previous winners of this award are: John F. Brubaker, EE ’37; John E. Phillips, Ag ’38; and Paul F. Worcester, Ag ’39. The senior award plaque will hang in the main foyer of the Hall of Music. Knight Presents Awards Dr. F. B. Knight presented the certificates to the seniors. These certificates are given annually by musical organizations on the campus to the graduating seniors and are signed by Albert P. Stewart, music director, and President E. C. Elliott. Albert P. Stewait piesided as master of ceremonies. Guests at the dinner included Doctor and Mrs. F. B. Knight, Professor and Mrs. W. A. Knapp, Mrs. Albert P. Stewart, Mrs. Joseph M. Ragains, Mrs. Leland K, Beach of Elizabeth, N. J., foimer secretary in the music department, and Prof. E. R. Honeywell. The evening’s enteitainment consisted of the showing of moving pictuies of the various organizations, stunts and amusing “takeoffs” of membeis. “The German Band, under the leadership of Norman Benedict, played several numbers. Sigma Delta Chi Names McKee New President Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic fraternity, last night elected J. H. McKee, Jr., piesident for the 1940* 41 school year. Other officers elected were J. C. Willsey, vice-president; Morgan Miers, secretary; and Stewart Marquis, treasurer. McKee, newly elected News Editor of the Exponent, will fill the position held last year by Don Ter110. This August he will represent the local chapter at the national convention in Des Moines, la. Each year the SDX fraternity sponsors the Riveters Rassel, News--paper Day, and presents the Leather Medal Award and the Best Teacher Medallion.
TauBetaPi
Latest War News Germans Reach Channel Berlin, May 21—The German armies drove across northern France and today reached Abbeville on the English channel’s Somme river estuary. The German High Command declared that the mechanized German forces had trapped more than a million men of the French, British, and Belgian northern armies. On the twelfth day of the crushing German onslaught on the Western Front, the High Command stated that the German advance was moving on schedule and that the Ninth French Army had been captured with its staff. In the south Getman forces were stated to be within sight of the Eiffel Tower, near the Oise-Aisne canal about 60 miles from Paris. (German claims of pentrating to the channel were confirmed today by the French High Command in Paris.)
Reveals French Blunders Paris, May 21—Premier Paul Reynaud today revealed an amazing story of strategic blunders by the French Army command in meeting the German advance on the Western Front. Speaking before the Senate, Reynaud admitted frankly that “Unbelievable faults were committed and the Fathe»land is endangered.” Reynaud spoke of “total disorganization” of the French Armies defending the Meuse front in the Sedan sector where the German columns first broke through in their western push. He accused the Army of violating “the first rule of war(Continued on page 4)
Applicants
. . . for* the $400 scholarships offered by the Gold Peppers, co-ed athletic booster honorary, and the Women’s Pan-Hellenic Association must have their applications at thef Dean of Women’s office by 5 p. m. today.
Elliott Says That 'Best Government, Least Government' Harry Layson, president of the Student Senate for the school year 1940-’40, received the gavel of the Senate from Toastmaster Bill Hart, and officially took over his duties as president last night at the Student Senate banquet in room 363 of the Union. High-lighted in the banquet program were speakers President E. U Elliott, Assistant to the President F. C. Hockema, Dean of Women Dorothy Stratton and Manager of the Union; L. Valleley. Welcoming Addresses ’ Welcoming addresses by next year’s senior officers including Layson, vice-president Fred Elley, treasurer Jack Wise and secretary Lois Voelkel were delivered to recently elected members of the Senate. • Bronze keys were presented to sophomore workers during the past year who have become next year’s junior executives. Students who received keys were Tad Stiers, Tom Yoder, Emil Spanich, Mary Reuther, Hugh Laurence, Ernest Fink, and Loren Bartling. Bill Hart served as toastmaster, and introduced President Elliott, the last speaker of the evening, who stressed as his'theme the idea that “the best government is the least government.” Especially he applied this rule to student government. ‘Get Along With Others’ During the course of his talk President Elliott pointed out that one of the most important keys to success was a person’s ability to get along with others. He also told the outgoing seniors that when they leave the University they will take with them not only an education, but' the memories of the times, good and bad, they have had here. In consideration of student government, in accordance with his point that “the best government is the least government,” President Elliott said that “no government is real self-government.” Debris Distribution Ends Until Thursday According to a statement made last night by John Van Horn, junior business Debris manager, no more Debris will be available to students until Thursday at 4 p.m. Van Horn said, “We extremely regret that due to circumstances which could not be avoided no more shipments of Debris will be made to us until Thursday, and, consequently, distribution o| the annual must be delayed until then.” Thus far 1337 of the yearbooks have been distributed, 754 of these being given out in seventy-five minutes. More copies of the books are still available for purchase.
. . . national all-engineering honorary, last night announced the election of the following officers: president, G. F. Montgomery; vicepi esident, W. L. Holcombe; recording secretary, K. J. Thompson; corresponding secretary, C. W. Leber; treasurer, F. C. Goldsmith; cataloguer, G. R. Jungerman.
By Bob Skallerup Purdue is a year around institution. Even while the katydids sing and the grammar school kids play blitzkrieg, the instructors go knowingly on, covering acres and acres of slate with tons and tons of chalk. And campus life goes on too—^witness the summer Exponent. When most of us leave, some of us remain, and we must be entertained. Things go on, things happen, and the summer Exponent covers them. Here on the campus, copies are distributed gratis. The paper comes out bi-weekly for the fir^t two weeks and weekly thereafter until the end of the summersession. For 50 cents, a subscription could be coaxed to follow you home. What Happens? What happens in summer session? Well, first of all, it opens. That’s worth a six page edition in which second term results are published. Class employment is report-
Boilermakers Battle Butler Fourteen Frames Before Mackiewicz Homers
Tkings Happen Here All Summer And Exponent Goes Merrily On
ed and merit scholarship winners are a^ounced. Summer convo schedlrles are made public. Then follows a string of stories. Military Camp Knoxsters grow mustaches; civil campers come dowji with poison ivy. Music festivals come and go and the glee club wins championships. Special schools open and close. Athletic results and averages come out. Elliott crowns tomato queens. And the Exponent covers them all. Football Again And then comes summer prom. Co-eds have late hours, Jack Teagarden played and Ellen Kepner led last summer. Before you know it, football begins to hog the front page again and coaches begin to make gloomy pre)dictions. Then, bingo—finals again, and the summer session closes. There is your summer Exponent. Thinks do happen.
'Flying Irishman' Murphy Will Stunt At Airshow Sunday Headlining the twelfth annual air show to be held at the airport this Sunday afternoon from 1 to 5 p.m. under the sponsorship of Captain L. I. Aretz will be Lieutenant Mike Murphy, topnotch acrobatic flyer, and a group of pilots fresh from the World’s Fair opening in New York. Murphy will probably per-foi-m in two ships, a Waco stunt craft and a 330 h.p. Curtiss specially rebuilt for acrobatic flying. Parachutes Earl Stein, delayed parachute jumper, will catch a lot of breaths, and George Waltz, chief tester for the Triangle Parachute Company, will demonstrate a new type of ’chute publically for the first time. The new ’chute is fully automatic, being opened by a static line attached to the plane instead of by the' conventional ripcord. Another major attraction will be the flight of flve woman pilots including Jane Templeton, Joann Geer, Lois Hollingsworth, Jeanette Moris, and Pat Dickerson. CAA students, both primary and advanced, will have a prominent place ^n the show. Features As additional features, several major airplane manufacturers are expected to bring their products for display, and the first public demonstration ever seen here of parachute packing and rigging will be given. Efforts are also being made to have national guard and air corps fighting craft here for inspection. 500 Labor Oicials To Gather Saturday For Two-Day Institute Second annual Educational Institute of the Indiana State Federation of Labor which will be held at the University this Saturday and Sunday will draw nearly 500 officials representing various locals from over the state, according to Carl Mullens of Indianapolis, state president. The two-day session with its general theme of labor’s responsibilities and opportunities will be called to order Saturday morning l;|y John Acker, vice-president of the state organization. Enders Will Speak Following an address of welcome by Dr. F. B. Knight, head of the University department of edudation and applied psychology, Spencer Miller of New York, director of the Workers’ Education Bureau of America, and Gordon Enders, of the University department of history, economics and government, will discuss “Labor and World Crisis.” One of the highlights of the opening day will be an authoritative discussion of proposed social security amendments by Robert Watt of Washington, D. C., international representative of the A. F. of L., and Clarence A. Jackson, executive secretary of the Indiana State Chamber of Commerce. George W. Dean, Michigan director of vocational education and Rus(Continued on page 4) Commencement . . . invitations and announcements may be obtained by all seniors whose last names begin with letters from M to Z, inclusive, any time after 7 p.m. today at the Union desk or bookstore where the order was placed. Passports must ^be shown. Invitations and announcements are still available to those seniors whose last names begin with letters from A to L, inclusive.
Lieutenant
Felix Mackiewicz, Riveter third baseman and co-captain, slapped a booming home run with the bases evacuate*d in the fourteenth inning yesterday, handing the Boilermakers a 5-4 victory over the Butler Bulldogs in the final game of a homeand home series. Played on the Bulldog diamond, the game was the second one of the season dropped by the Hinklemen to the
Boilermakers.
_____________________________ The elongated contest found
neither team retaining a lead for liong, and only one run was scored by either team during the last seven frames. Twirler Johnnf Emmert proved a bit puzzling to Bulldog batters as he struck out 13 men, Dodds, Butler chucker, whiffed 11
Boilermakers.
Hits Even
Offensive efforts of both teams were evenly expressed as the Boilermakers solved Pitcher Dodds for 11 safe blows, including three triples and a home run. Bulldog batsmen likewise cracked out 11 bingles which included a double and a
triple.
Clouting the Bulldog moundsman for three hits, Harry, McFerren Riveter keystone guardian, paced the hitting attack for the winners. He drove in two runs with his assortment of safeties, two of which went for three bases. His second triple batted in Johnny Emmert in the sixth frame by virtue of his three-bagger. Hurler Emmert accounted for two of the Riveter’s total number of hits, both blows going for singles. Bulldogs Bite First The Butler run-producers busied themselves in the initial frame, pushing across two tallies as a result of a single by the lead-off man, a sacrifice, fielder’s choice, another single, and an error by Stamm. They sprinkled one run to their total during each of the next two frames. Boilermaker bats were silent until the third inning when Emmert singled and was pushed across by McFerren’s first triple. Then in the sixth frame Stamm singled, Heame tripled, scoring Stamm; Eimmert walked and was scored when McFerren connected for his second three-bagger. The ensuing seven innings were unprofitable for both teams in runmaking. However, in the fourteenth round with two men out and the bases clear, hard-hitting Felix Mackiewicz stepped to the plate and tagged one of Dodd’s pitches for the circuit, providing the Boilermakers with their victory margin. Butler was unable to score in their half of the fourteenth.
. . . Mike Murphy, topnotch arcobatic flyer, who will high-light the twelfth annual air show at the University airport this Sunday afternoon with his “bag of tricks.” Airport Dance Door Prize Deadline Today
e
Last airport dance tickets eligible for entry in the door-prize drawing will be placed on sale today at $1.25 with representatives of the flying club. However, general ticket sqle will not be closed. This deadline applies only to the door-prize competition. Three prizes will be awarded. Two couples will be awarded aeroplane rides, and one couple will be given a free ticket to Saturday afternoon’s air show. Sf'ewardess Will Speak At Pre-Dance Banquet Word was received from Ruth Flekke, chief stewardess of United Airlines, last night by members of the committee in chaige of the Flying Club-Glider Club pre-airport dance banquet that Nadine Mueller, regular run stewardess, would arrive Saturday to speak at the banquet in the Union that night. Miss Mueller, telling of her experiences while in the air, will share speaking honors for the evening with Major James Doolittle, advertising director for Shell oil corporation. Tickets for the banquet Saturday night, a date affair, are now on sale at the west desk of the Union. They will be obtainable until 3 p.m. Friday. Exponent Staff: The following men are scheduled to work on Wednesday, May 22. Night editor, Traugott; stooge, Ochiltree; issue editor, Pickerel; proof men, McCullough and Johnson; workers, Armstrong, Koerner, Lyman, Kolb, and Bemiller.
PITCHING AVERAGES
Professor
. . . Zufall of the pharmacy department announced yesterday that the students of the pharmacy school will hold a banquet tomorrow night at 6:00 p. m. in the east faculty lounge of the Union. The whole body of students in the pharmacy school is invited to attend. The banquet is to be given in honor of the graduating seniors. The music and entertainment will be furnished by the students.
Farm Chemurgk Committee' Names R. G. East Chairman Russell G. East, of Richmond, agricultural agent for the Pennsylvania Railroad, was named chairman of the Indiana Farm Chemurgic committee at its organization meeting here yesterday. The committee was appointed by Governor Townsend to consider means of developing new uses for farm products in this state. At the meeting yesteiday the committee outlined its preliminary program which included a survey of the research work pertaining to agriculture, the wider uses of farm products by industry, and various phases of the farm program.
m
IP
H
SO
W L
Blanken ..
26
21
14
2 0
Navta
... 7
6
4
1 0
Emmert .
.. 22
19
12
2 1
Bailey
.. 56
51
65
4 4
Higgins .. ..
. 43
42
17
3 3
BATTING AVERAGES
(Including Michigan games)
G
AB
H
Aver.
Stamm
.. 16
45
13
.289
Fisher ...
.. 18
51
14
.275
Mackiewicz .
. 20
74
20
.271
Smithson
19
64
17
.266
Waterhouse .
. 14
34
9
.265
Wargo ......
. 18
57
15
.263
McFerren .. .
.. 20
79
19
.241
Vernon
.. 20
80
18
.225
Higgins . ...
. 10
10
2
.200
Hearne ... .
.. 20
72
14
.194
Yeager ..
. 10
12
2
.167
Bailey
.. 13
19
1
.053PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday. May 22. 1940
1^'
- W.B.Rohbock
As Time And The Germans Go On ... in what appears to be the second and rather abbreviated World War, and as we listen to student comments, a certain sadness and fearfulness settles on us. Such thoughtlessly spoken words as “Hell, let’s get in the war right now at the start on the winning side, with the Germans,” and “What’s the use, pretty soon we’ll all be fighting in the war anyway” scare us. The first expression signifies a dangerously radical attitude and the second signifies a dangerously fatalistic attitude. We wouldn’t care so much if we’d picked up these expressions from older persons. But, of course, with their advanced judgments they shouldn’t make such statements. It is only what we must call non-thinking youth that will go off “the deep end” on such matters. And that is where the danger lies, for whether we realize it or not, we, the youth, will do more toward setting this nation’s policies toward a foreign war during the next decade than the whole of the “older generation.” We must remember to keep our heads. We must remember that this nation is ideally geographically isolated, and that it still possesses more wealth and'natural resources than any other nation of the world. We can be self-sufficient during war time and during peace as well as Germany, and yet not adopt her belligerent attitude. We know that the outcome of the war appears black now. We know that when it affects one of us it will affect all of us. For the sake of our well-being, and for the sake of all our nation, let’s be rational. Let’s concentrate on how we can stay neutral until the whole business has terminated in some way, rather than make loose statements about the sureness of war’s descending upon us. —J. A.P.
Symphony Committee Releases Frank Work This morning .the first section of the Cesar Frank Symphony in D Minor will be placed on sale at the Lafayette Music Appreciation headquarters in the Purdue Exponent office on Firth and Ferry streets, Lafayette. The last section of this symphony will be available Wednesday, May 29. The entire group of eight previous symphonies is still available to people who are late comers in the music appreciation campaign and who wish to purchase the whole set. The symphonies in this previous set are those of Shubert, Bee-^ thoven, Mozart, Wagner, Bach, Debussy, Haydn, and Tschaikowsky.
Horwitz To Receive Honorary Award Alpha Lambda Delta, freshman co-ed scholastic honorary, will hold a meeting this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the East Reception room of the Union to present the annual book award to Jeanne Horwitz, HE ’40, who has the highest cumulative index, 5:57, of the organization. Certificates will also be presented to 12 senior co-eds who have a five point of better index for their four college years. These girls are: Mary Beke, Treva Berry, Lucy Demorett, Joanne Edson, Janet Gaylord, Margaret Gran, Rosemary Ince, Janette Morris, Helen Steifee, Eleanor Ward, Betty Wickard,. and Marianna Wilson.
County Agents Meet Persons Will Attend Tonight At Forum - 4th All-Agronomy Picnic
County agents from the central part of Indiana will meet tonight at 7:30 o’clock in room 263 of the Union in a forum to discuss soil conservation and new methods of soil treatment. This meeting is being sponsored by the staff of the Agricultural Experimental station and is under the auspices of T. A. Coleman, head of the County Agent Association of Indiana. This is the second in a series of forums being held by the agents. The first of the series was held in southern Indiana for agents of that area. Next week, a forum will be held in Culver, for the agents of the northern part of the state. The meeting in Culver will be the last of the series for the season. Dorothy Sirafton Speaks At Counselor Meeting Dean of Women Dorothy C. Stratton, spoke at the last meeting of prospective freshmen and transfer counselors yesterday afternoon in the women’s lounge of the Union. Dean Stratton urged all the women to do their part in making the counseling program a success. Jane Black, in charge of WSGA counseling, announced that counselors will be chosen this week and Tvill be notified of their appointment by letter. At the same time, complete instructions for next year will be sent to the counselors.
Approximately 75 students and staff members are expected to attend the fourth annual All-Agron-omy picnic to be held Saturday at 2:30 p.m. at the Agronomy Grove. In keeping with a custom started last year, the seniors in the option will plant trees in the grove. Entertainment for the afternoon will consist of games and stunts in competition for possession of the Sickle, emblem of Agronomy. Those desiring transportation are requested to meet in front of the Agricultural Hall promptly at 2:30. According to an announcement by Lynn Robertson, Jr., who is in general charge, tickets must be secured immediately.
Classified Ads
FOS lALB FOR SALE Typewriters. All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented arid repaired. New portable machiries' as low as $29.75. Supplies. C. F. Ebersheff, G05 Main street.
FOE RENT Russ—Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all night. Phone 71644.
Wanted—-2 men students for large downstairs room for September. $22.60 per Mo. Room and board. Call 2160. 176 Littleton.
For Rent—Summer student rooms for fellows in new insulated brick home. Tiled shower, twin beds, private entrance. Reasonable. Ph. 2143.
Chi Epsilon
Summer Student rooms $5 month, single beds. 227 Wood St. Phone .81204.
, . . civil engineering honorary, announces the election of the* following officers: president, C. H. Meyers; vice-president, M. Cash; secretary, A. W. Kettler; and treasurer, R. A. Krull. :
LOST AND POUND
Lost: High school ring. H. M. Crest, Ruby Stone, Initials R. 1,. W. Ruth Weiss, WRH North.
Lust in Debris office, a green overcoat. Levy Bros., Loui.sville, Ky. l..abel. Zipper iinin:; detached. $,3.00 reward. Call 3301, Chase.
. . . CE ’27, has accepted a position as structural designer at the Panama Canal in connection with the enlargement of the canal facilities.
Notices
No notices will be accepted after 8 p. m. All Seniors: Who have accepted jobs are requested to 'advise the Personnel Service immediately (Phone 3405). In all fairness to classmates who are seeking employment, the senior who has a job should withdraw his name from the list of those desiring recommendations. —WALTERS.
PI A Dance Class: Last class Wednesday, May 22, at 7:15 p.m. in south ballroom. Co-eds invited. May have orchestra. , —TRUEBLOOD.
Registration Workers: Students who wish to work for the Registrar during the first semester registration, September 9, 10, and 11, are requested to make application, before the end of the present year, on blanks to bo obtained at the Registrar's office. Those with previous experience at registration or in other clerical jobs are given preference. —R. B. STONE, REGISTRAR.
Purdue Religious Council: Last meeting of the year will be Wednesday, May 22, in room 58 of the Union. All members are urged to. be present. —MANAGERS.
DPK: Spring picnic Wednesday, May 22. All members meet in front of Education Building at 5 p.m. Picnic to be held at WAA cabin. Will be through by 7:30. —OSWALT.
MT 8, Military Second Year Advanced Cohrsc: Final date for make-up of work missed is Wednesday; May 22. —THOMPSON.
Skull and Crescent Pledges and Abtives: Initiation Thursday night. May 24. Meet in front of the ME building at 5 p.m. Banquet following. —GIMLIN.
Skull and Crescent Pledges: Initiation fee prerfequisite for initiation. See Jim Chase at SPE house before Thursday. —CHASE.
Newman Club: Old and new officers meet in room 302 of the Union Wednesday at 4 :45 p.m. —LUERS.
iVSGA Executive Board: Regular meeting Wednesday, May 22, at 7:30 p.m. in WSGA office. —ZWIERLEIN.
Cyclists Attention: Organization' meeting of the Purdue Wheelmen Wednesday at 7:30 p.m. in room 328 of the Union. All cyclists invited. —VANDERBILT.
Exponent Staff: There ' will be papers during finals requiring work on the nights of May 27 and 29, and June 1, 3, and 6. Turn in final schedules and night preferences, immediately. —HEIPLE.
Alpha Zeta: Meeting in the old Agriculturist room on Wednesday, May 22, at 7 :30 p.m. —STEWART.
Military: Corps day formations Tuesday May 21, and Thursday, May 23, will be for seniors only. Seniors assemble in room 103 on their respective Corps Day. Uniforms not required. —PICKERING.
All Students: Every student whose plan of study for the year 1940-41 calls for elective or optional subjects is required to make his choice of electives before the close of the present semester. Such a student should consult the Dean or Head of his school at an early date. This notice applies to: all present Juniors except Engineering-Law; all present Sophomores excep-t in Forestry; all present Freshmen except those in Forestry and those Freshmen Engineers expecting to take Chemical, Metallurgical, Mechanical or Public Service Engineering, or EngineeringLaw, and all irregular students. Reprints of the Plana of Study for the various schools are available at the offices of the School Heads and the RegiMrar. Also a limited number of Reprints of “Undergraduate Plans of Study and Description of Courses” are available at the Registrar’s Office. The general catalogue is not distributed to students. Copies are available for inspection In the Registrar’s Office and the Library. Ralph B. Stone, Registrar. (6-28) “
Scabbard and Blade: Meeting on Thursday, May 23, at 7:30 p.m. in room 366 in the Union. —MEBSE.
Purdue Religious Council: The last meeting of the year will be Wednesday,. May 22, in room 68 of the Union. All members are urged to be present. —MARQUIS.
TOMORROW - FRIDAY
'OKNID misVakr
wUh CHARLIE RUGGLES Janice Logan - Robh Page
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
Senior WAA Award Winners To Get Skins WAA members who have,earned the required number of points in class participation will be awarded their numerals, letters and monograms at the annual WAA spring sport’s spread at the cabin tomorrow starting at 6:30 p.m. At the same time skins will be awarded to the senior girls who have been most outstanding^n WAA work. This is the highest award presented by the organization. Tickets for the picnic must be purchased from council members or at the office by Thursday noon. Members will hike to the cabin.
All Students: Any student who has definite plans to change in September from one school or curriculum to another is advised to file his application before the end of the present year. Blanks are at the Registrar’s Office. (6-28) Lutheran Students: The banquet, originally scheduled for Tuesday, will be held Thursday, May 23, at Ford Hopkins, 6:30 p.m. CHARLES N. HALL.
TaU Beta Pi: Picnic will be held Saturday, May 26. Meet in front of Union at 1:30 p.m. to arrange transportation. —DUCKWORTH.
Summer Session Students: All students planning to attend summer session are requested to file the special summer session application with the office of the Director of Admissions immediately. —D AMMON.
Gimlets: The following men may obtain receipts for diploma fees and tickets at the Cashier’s office: Butterfield, Frazee, Martin, Ashton, Cooper, DeMars, Kanny, Morrison, Richardson, Williamson, Antonini, Berg, Houston, Insley, Hearne, Nevin, Frederick, McNeil, Swinney, Anderson, Fishburn, Strong, Beretta, Shackleton, Fisher, Swander, L. Johnson, Catterall, Mann, and Dunshee. (6-28) V —Perrin.
Cosmopolitan Cmb: Wind-up hike to Happy Hollow at 4 :30\ p.m; on Friday, May 24. Meet in room 304 of the Union. Everyone welcome. —CORTISSOZ.
Glider Club: Important short meeting on Thursday, May 23, at 7:30 p.m. in room 304 of the Union. Bring money for dance and banquet tickets. —KANE.
Flying Club: Very important meeting on Wednesday, May 22, at 7 p.m. in room 306 of the Union. Final ticket and banquet arrangements will be made. ■ —KIMBALL.
Radio Guild: Last meeting of the year on Thursday, May 23, at 7 :30 p.m. in room 302 of the Union. Talk about plans for next year. Refreshments. —PITTENGER.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Senior awards and certificates given in meeting at 4 p.m., Wednesday, May 22, in East Reception room. —CARPENTER.
Pelta Rho Kappa: Spring picnic, Wednesday, May 22, at 6 p.m. All members meet on steps of Education building. Picnic to be held at WAA cabin. Will be over by 7 :30 p.m. —OSWALT.
Playshop: All students having 60 hours or more in Playshop please attend meeting Thursday, May 23, at 7 p.m. in Fowler Hall. —BURNS.
Debris Workers: There will be no ship ment of Debris in today, Wednesday, May 22. —VAN HORN.
SAE Members: Annual picnic will be held Thursday, May 23, at 1:30 p.m. at the Rotary park. For details as to how to reach the park, consult the SAB bulletin board. Arrange own transportation. —DUCKWORTH.
ADULTI ONLY
a moment of ecstacy that killea her soul.:
MIDNITE SHOWS ONLY THURS. - FRI. - SAT. — 11:15 P. M.—
CHUN AND BEAR IT
■a - I ■ my UBMiy
‘You were a tired business man before I married you, and you never thought of staying in then!”
Old and New Gold Peppers: Important meeting Thursday, May 23, at 6 p.m. Meet in the WSGA office. Paddles will be given to seniors. —CARROLL.
YMCA: Cabinet meeting in the office at 5:15 p.m., Thursday, May 28. —BRYANT.
All Students: Anyone knowing the present address of Charles Perkins please call me at this number, 8444. —KNIGHT.
Camera Club: Meeting Wednesday, May 22, at 7 :30 p.m. in room 304 of the Union. —GEPHART.
Pi Tau Sigma: Those who have paid for their composite picture may get it from Jane Templeton' in G.A.’s office. Seniors who have not received their plaques contact me before June 3. —EILERING
Eta Kappa Nu: Meeting Thursday, May 23, at 7:30 p.m. in room 134 of EE building. —HOLCOMB.
Final Exams: Please check the final oxt amination schedule again to make sure that you have noted the proper time and place of your final exams. Misreading of the . schedule or failure to understand the final examination schedule are not considered sufficient causes to warrant a special examination. Absence from a final examination will necessitate the recording of a failing grade in that course. (6-28) —DEAN OF MEN.
yOHA -Tomorrow - Fri. - Sat.—
TWO FIRST RUN HITS
Baby Farms Exposed . . . Vicious Racket Bared!
with Rochelle Hudson
PLUS—2ND FEATURE
CoIumbif-iPicturc^
Charles STARRETT/. LAST DAY—2 FEATURES ALICE FAYE in .. "Little Old New York" — ALSO — 'The Invisible Man Returns'
-todaytwo FIRST RUN HITS Weaver Brothers and Eliviry 'IN OLD MISSOURI' — PLUS — SON OF THE NAVY with JAMES DUNN JEAN PARKER "'M
Starts TOMORROW —2 FIRST RUN HITS—
Half Pint Racketeers vs Big Town Crime Czar! EAST SIDE KIDS with VINCE BARNETT DENNIS MOORE LEON AMES —PLUS— The Higgins Family in Grandpa Goes To Town
unnffiiii Starts TOMORROW (S’"'', tWies Ii'W ''t vernw , \ spois, \**f"
MERLE OBERON. Robert E. Sherwood’s New Comedy OVEiR THE MOOTS
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
ARC
-LAST TIMES TODAYDARRYL F: ZANUCK^S ProMloaoff ”
by LOUIS BROMFIELD A 20th C9nttix7‘Tox Pietun atairing Mfma Tvzone George iYPOlIRBINT
— AND-
CHA RLE B If COLUMBIA’S
WK CHARLES mmim
— ALSO — 'Boy Scouts to the Rescue'
-THURS. - FRI. - SAT.DAY THE BOOKIES WEPT NIGHT RIDERS DRUMS OF FU MANCHUw T->'
Wednesday# May 22# 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
Track Squad Prepares For Big Ten Meet; Entertain State Rivals Here Next Weekend After, completing a highly successful outdoor season in which the Riveters won four of the five dual meets, track coach Herman Phillips is grooming his squad for two red-letter meets, the Big Ten track and field championships slated for Friday and Saturday, and the Indiana state track meet, which will be held in Ross-Ade Stadium on Saturday, June 1. Determined to better their stand- —-
ing of last year’s conference-meet, which was fifth, the Boilermakers will send forth one of their strongest contingents in recent years. However, an evef-dangerous Michigan _ squad, which was undefeated in 16 straight dual meets until bumped by Pitt last Saturday, is conceded the favorite of the meet. Standing above the Boilermakers in last year’s outdoor meet were Michigan, Wisconsin, Indiana, and
Ohio State, in that order.
Host To State Rivals . For the first time in four years Purdue will be host to the Indiana state track meets, which is scheduled for Saturday, June 1. This will mark the close of the regular track season for the Boilermakers, although some of the squad may perform in sectional meets, such as the NCAA and the Central Intercollegiate meets. Top honors of the meet last year were copped by Indiana, although Notre Dame fought desparately to within 6 points of the Hoosiers. The Hayes-coached team chalked up 57 and one-half points, followed by the Irish, who scored 51 points. The Boilermakers earned 29 and onehalf points, mainly through the efforts of Steve Gutting, prize hurdler, and Red Shackleton. Most Records Safe Most of the state records seem sufficiently low to withstand the pressure of this year’s assault with the exception of the 440 yard run, on which Indiana’s Ray Cochran is focusing his attention. The fast-
(^niou ^vimmer* ^cLooi
summer
in
The Union CInb
Convenient Comfortable Private Shower
Faculty
oomd Private Telephone Complete Service Union Advantages for
Graduates
Undergraduates
TP
at rlilana^eM at (^adt
ice
JhjL fiWvduSL TnfumyuaL lAmm, The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
JhiA
rishmao's
stepping Hoosier cracked the American indoor mark for the quarter mile distance last winter in the conference meet with a 48.2 second achievement. However, that time is two-tenths of a second slower than Fuqua’s record set in 1934. Cochrane dashed the 220 yard low hurdles in 23.1 seconds last year to set a new state mark in that event. Hence, that record is also in danger when the cream of the Hoosier state’s cindermen congregate on the paths of Ross-Ade
Stadium.
Holderman Gets Test A teammate of Cochrane, Campbell Kane, will give Ed Holderman, Riveter miler, the race of his life in the one-mile event. Handicapped by a lack of pressure in the outdoor dual meets, Holderman hasn’t been forced to his best performance in his favorite distance since his personal record of 4:13.2, made on indoor paths. Kane, a sophomore, defeated Holderman in the Big Teri indoor meet last winter, although he hasn’t authored a mark as fast as Ed’s in any kind of competition. Kane consistently runs the mile in
4:16.
Boilermaker hopes will be pinned mainly on Shackleton, Holderman, Weber, and Tycocki. Capt. Shackleton is faced with the problem of keeping up beside the speedy Cochrane in the quarter. Weber and Indiana’s Harris might possibly extend the mark for the shot put which now stands at 50 feet, 6 inches.
By Joseph Patrick Dolan
With our baseball club in the doldrums as far as conference competition is concerned, we can see nothing to spend interesting time on other than track, a branch of Boilermaker athletics that has jumped from the bottom to near the top in the last few years. —I-I— Without being acquainted with Purdue track history of the early 30’s and late 20’s, one can hardly see the improvement that Coach Phillips has invoked upon our cindermen. Phillips came to Purdue in the fall of ’37 . . . Since that time —what a climb. —I-I— We remember in high school a big fellow playing basketball, football, and throwing a shot-put ball all over the state of Indiana for Plainfield High School. His name was Forest Weber. Boy, what a man he was . . . Six foot-four, and 220 lbs. Why he played “cat and mouse” with every opponent machine he stacked up with. His nick-name is Jake. —I-I— Jake was quite a lad as a freshman here back in ’37 and ’38, but alas, came a bad injury in football on that troublesome knee of his. Football was then cancelled from his agenda, but that wasn’t all. All set for a great year on the basketball squad, Jake recived another crack to the knees, and had to struggle through the hoop season. It began to appear that the big Alpha Tau Omega boy would end up going to school for an education only. Quite dull, uh? Jake possesses a great heart for competition, and with a pair of knees that resembled a case of^locomotor ataxia, reported for track to perform for the above mentioned Phillips. Now, Phil is a great exponent of psychology and what-not coaches use on falling athletes, and a discouraged athlete was kept in competition. -1-1— Weber stayed out for track last ■ season, his sophomore year, and finished just fair in competition, but this year, after a poor start, the big boy is throwing the iron ball almost out of stadiums, almost. Last week he won at Marquette, where some of the toughest competition in the middle-west is located. —I-I— Out at the Drake Relays, Jake missed a second place by a couple of inches, first place being won by a throw of 48 feet, 9 inches. Paskvan and Hax’ris, of Wisconsin and Indiana respectively, both defeated Weber in the indoor conference meet, but since that time big Jake
Riveter Net Squad Annual Fraternity Track Will Play Host For fanturorl Rw Rotac State Title Meet Captured By Betas
Their match schedule completed as the result of the cancellation of yesterday’s meet with Indiana State Teachers, the Purdue tennis team began preparation for the Indiana State championships, beginning next Thursday morning on the University men’s courts. Although the deadline for entries is not until this noon, Manchester, Indiana, Notre Dame, Earlham, Ball State, Anderson College, and DePauw have already submitted their lists of participants. Notre Dame’s fighting Irish should dominate the singles play, with such men as Captain Bill Fay, defending champion. Jack Joyce, 1939 runer-up, and Dan Canale, an outstanding sophomore, carrying the burden. Results in the doubles should be pretty much a toss-up, all teams having about equal strength. Irish Look ’Good Highest team rankings are expected to be divided among Notre Dame, DePauw, Earlham, and Purdue, with the Irish getting the prematch dopester’s nod for first place. Play is scheduled to begin on the 16 courts at 10 o’clock, with a coaches’ meeting an hour earlier to make the drawings. Plenty of heated matches should be on tap as several outstanding stars battle for the highest rankings in their home state.
Last Night
... in South Cary Hall, the seniors of Cary Club held their farewell banquet. It was the last time that the seniors of the halls will get together as a club this year. After the singing of “Hail Purdue,” the seniors adjourned to the lounges to reminisce about their years in school.
has putted the pill about a foot further than his Badger and Hoosier opponents. Jake put the thing 49-4 at Illinois a couple of weeks ago, and fell out of the foul circle with 49-9 last week which rightfully wasn’t recorded. —I-I— I walked to school with the Boilermaker giant yesterday, and he promised me he’d hit that 50 foot mark this week-end at the conference outdoor meet, and what’s more Jake’s intending to make Paskvan and Harris look sick. Harris is from Indiana University. Go to it, Jake!^ There’s nothing like defeating Bloomington’s athletes. —I-I— Incidentally, Phillips gets my vote for grabbing a floundering athlete by his boot straps. ’Til tomorrow it’s “30.”
• ft t>®'* See \
I Scciiti/jul <Shoe >L \
By John Gniadek
Led by Bill Lindsay, stocky sprinter, who counted 11 of the 23 1-2 points that they scored. Beta Theta Pi captured the last half of the annual outdoor inter-fratemity track meet. The Betas, who had previously scored 12 points in the first half, clinched the meet with an aggregate total of 35 1-2 points. Lindsay garnered his 11 points by speeding to a first in the 220 yard low hurdles, a second in the 220 yard dash, and a second in the broad-jump, and running in the 440 yard relay team which tied for second. Also instrumental in the Beta victory were Augie Morningstar, Frank Farnsworth, Jack Winchel, Bob Frothofer, and Mike Byelene. Stanley Stars _______________________
Only 9% points behind the leaders, was Alpha Gamma Rho, who were led last night by Bob Stanley, the full-winded freshman flash, who copped firsts in the two mile run and half mile. He also participated in the winning 440 yard relay. Aiding Stanley to cop second for the AGR’s were Whitey Johnson, Bill Summer and John Harper. By capturing 16 points, the Ags rose from fourth (in the first half) to the runner-up spot. Third place in the meet went to the Kappa Sigmas, who led at the end of the first half with 20%. Paced by Red Carter, freshman flash, the Kappa Sigs captured only 7% points to end up in third. A tie ' for first in the high jump by Melzer gave Sigma Alpha Epsilon a fourth place with 19%, followed by
IM Schedule TENNIS Wednesday, May 22 Class B Theta Xi vs (Alpha Chi Rho or Sigma Alpha Mu Class A Theta Xi vs Alpha Tau Omega or Phi Delta Theta Freshman': Hensey vs Sells Armstrong vs Stettner BASEBALL Wednesday, May 22 Diamond 6 Ward 16 vs Ward 27 D. Nassau Phi Sigma Kappa vs Phi Kappa Sigma J. Benna 10 Alpha Gamma Rho vs Pi Kappa Alpha ' or Delta Tau Delta R. Glasaer Illinois Goffers Lead Big Ten Meet Trailing in last place at the halfway, point in the Big Ten conference golf tournament, the Riveter foursome experienced much trouble on the difficult Ohio State course. Low scorers for the Boilermakers were Dahl and Curran who shot identical 166’s, which is 22 over par. Highlight of the Riveter quartet was Dahl’s 77 which he carded ""dn'-the second 18 which is only three above par. The other two linksmen whose scores counted, Daniels and Captain Hoffer, shot 167 and 173, respectively. Skinner’s 182 didn’t count in the Boilermaker team score of 672, as only the four lowest are accepted for the team total. Illini In Front Compiling a total of 628 points, the Illinois golfers were low for the first half of the meet. They led Ohio State by ,6 points. Michigan is in third place, 8 counters behind. Low individual honors are held by sophomore Billy Gilbert of Ohio State who put together rounds of 71-74-145 for the first 36 holes, one stroke over par. He made the first round in 70, one under par, but with the wind .and the rain he bagged a 74. Michigan’s captain, Bob Palmer, held second individual honors with a 153—nine under par. Gene Mod-' jeska of the Illini was third -with 154.
Wesleyan University, Middletown, Conn., has purchased a special collection of 2,000 volumes on international law.
Phi Kappa Sigma, led by Lloyd McEachern, had 18 points for fifth. Although Stanley Resnick was the only man to count for the Sigma Alpha Mu contingent, the Sammies ended in sixth place. Relay Finish Jammed With the winning man finishing only a stride in front, the 440 yard relay was the fastest and hottest combated race of the afternoon. The ag aggregation of Whitey Johnson, Bob Stanley, Bill Summer, and John Harper won out over the Betas and Phi Kappa Sigs, who tied for second. Right behind these boys came the SAE and the Alpha Chi Rho quartets—who of all things—had a tie for fourth. Another high spot of the evening was the high jump in which Norman Melzer, of SAE, and Lloyd McEachern tied for first. In the javelin throw the burly football men seeded to run the show, with Jim Welsch, Lambda Chi Alpha, outtossing Augie Morningstar and Jack Winchell of the Betas and John Petty of Sigma Phi Epsilon. Lindsay Scores 11 High individual point getters were Lindsay with 11, followed by Stanley with 10, and McEachern with 9. Topping the scoring in the two day event were freshmen Red Carter and Bob Stanley with 15 apiece. Third high individual was Lindsay and fourth was McEachern. The summary is as follows: Two mile run—first, Stanley, Alpha Gamma Rho; second, Vaughan, Alpha Sigma Phi; third, McCredy, Sigma Alpha Epsilon; fourth. Decker, Kappa Sigma. Time, 10:30. 220 yard low hurdles—^first, Lindsay, Beta Theta Pi; second. Carter, Kappa sigma; third, Neal, Delta Tau Delta; fourth, Seale, Kappa Sigma. Time, :26.2. Broad jump—first, McEachern, Phi Kappa Sigma; second, Lindsay, Beta Theta Pi; third, Montague, Kappa Sigma; fourth, Harper, Alpha Gamma Rho. Distance, 21 ft. % in. 440 yard relay—first. Alpha Gamma Rho (Harper, Johnson, Stanley, and Sumner); Beta Theta Pi and Phi Kappa Sigma, tied for second; Sigma Alpha Epsilon and Alpha Chi Rho tied for fourth. Time, 47.7 seconds. High jump—Melzer, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, and McEachern, Phi Kappa Sigma, tied for first; third, Burkholder, Tau Omega; Carter, Kappa Sigma, and Forthofer, Beta Theta Pi, tied for fourth. Distance, 5 ft. 7% in. Javelin—first, Welsch, Lambda Chi Alpha; second, Morningstar, Beta Theta Pi; third, Winchell, Beta Theta Pi; fourth. Petty, Sigma Phi Epsilon. Distance: 144 ft. 220 yard dash—rfirst, Resnick, Sigma Alpha Epsilon; second, Lindsay, Beta Theta Pi; third, Dimond, Sigma Alpha Epsilon; fourth, McIntyre, Pi Kappa Phi; Time: .•22.1 seconds. Half Mile run—first, Stanley, Alpha Gamma Rho; second, Farnsworth, Beta Theta Pi; third, Marozick, Beta Sigma Psi; fourth, Palmer, Phi Gamma Delta. 'Time, 2:03.
City Meat and Poultry
220 N. 3rd Street
Phone 5372PUHDtJE EXPONENT
Wednesday, May 22, 1940
Column Right
We\e been doms a lot of talking lately Fust it yas the cook Then the waitiess, and the cop, and yestelda^ Judy Today ye staited talking to ouiselyes That put a stop to it Ivo more talk '\e‘=teida\ ye appioached the Union fiom the real 111 a cai We lead all the signs pertaining to paiking We alyaj-? lead the signs Otheiwise we wouldn’t knoy yhethei to ignoie them or not * * * Most ojf the signs said “Reseiyed foi staff and yis itoi^ onh Theie weie thiee special signs though The fiist said “Reseived foi the president of the boaid of Ti ustees The second said “Reserved foi the president of the Umyeisity ” The thud just said, “Reseiyed ’ For 'iahooti majbe jf* ^ Me yeie leading the wai news the othei day, too Thatyhen we found out about the Nazi plot Right on the fiont page it was In black type SET TRAP FOR ARMY OF 300,000 M e almost called Winston Chiu chill Someone should tell him that stuff ¥ :( Anothei wiitei desciibes the piesent wai as a “bloody shambles Reminds us of Gimlet initiation lou lun acioss a lot of aiguments these days Theie aie lot-s of radicals running around Some say fight
Purdue Exponent
Entered aa lecond elasi mattor at tlia poet' office in Lafayette Indiana under the act of ConEress of March 8 1879 and at the special rate of postage provided for in lection 1108 act of October 3 1917, authorized Januory 20 1922 Published daily except Monday durinr the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session Delivered locally by carrier for $3 00 per year, mail tub Bcnption $3 60
Editor in Chief Business Manager
R W Donahue Merle Hagemeyer
Publication Staff News Editor _ J H McKee Managing Editor D K Heiple Associate Editors W B Heaton N A Ochiltree J A Purcell L W Ruffner R M Skallerup J L Traugott
Business Staff
Local Advertising Managers D S Powers G C Landers Promotion Manager C E Dangelmajer Accounts Manager R J Shadford Circulation Manager R M Rectenwald Co-ed Staff Editor Beth Simpson Associate Editors Mary Kay Miller Ruth Rose Donna Siess Sports Staff Editor J p Dolan Associate Editors J F Adamson P C Johnson R O Swaim
Phones: Editonal 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Ad vertising Service Inc College Publishers Representatives 420 Madison Avc New York N Y
23 mH Co-eds Will grin and bear it
Receive Prizes Today
iy Lichty
Some say don’t Some say the Germans will win Some say the Allies What we want to know is who will win the woild series Hitler is ciazy He doesn’t care who y ms the series That’s the radicals foi you P S —A radical is anyone who doesn’t agree with us
Personnel Notes Notice To Science Seniors Ml F L Paikei personnel re seaich department Liberty Mutual Insurance Company, 175 Berkley Street, Boston, Massachusetts, has supplied the Personnel Seivise de tails of positions in his company in the folloymg departments actuarial and underwriting department, auditing department, claims department loss prevention department This company sells automobile in surance Those interested should read the detailed information provided in the Personnel Service, and apply to Ml Parker J E Walters, Director of Peisonnel
tei graduation for work in the com pany s engineering division The company also wishes to em ploy a mechanical engineer of the sales type, who is interested m sales correspondence and for work in then home office As this man becomes familiar with the company’s products, opportunity will be given for direct sales work ME seniors who are interested in this type of work should apply directly to Ml Berngen, supplying their qualifications immediately J E Walters, Director of Peisonnel
101 s to sell group insurance Those interested should apply directly to Mr Watt for further information
Dr Thomas Ashton, personnel director. Anchor - Hocking Glass Company, Lancaster, O , is interested in engineering seniors for sales or production work
The Beveridge Paper Company, Indianapolis, Indiana, wants an ME senior to serve as a millwright me chanic He should live in the city
ME seniors interested in engineering training with a large steel company in northern Indiana should interview Glenn Huron, manager of the State Employment Service, N Fourth Street, Lafayette at once
Mr C E Lentz, general superintendent, Singer Manufacturing Company, South Bend, Indiana, makers of sewing machines, is interested in employing engineering graduates for manufacturing, maintenance and engineering department
Twenty three WRH co eds who made distinguished last semester will be honored at a picnic on South Hall lawn at 5 30 o’clock this evening Miss Helen B Schleman, directoi of the residence halls, on behalf of the WRH club, will present each gill with a book Special mention will be given Mary Edith Monk, HE ’41, who made a 5 75 scholastic index last semester, the highest in WRH Twelve of the distinguished students are from West Hall, eight from North Hall, and three from South Hall The club scholarship committee in charge of the picnic is composed of Barbara Davis, Alice Chatfield, Gertrude Monhaut, and Margaret Wiit Labor Officials (Continued from page 1)
sel Greenly of the University depaitment of education and applied psychology, will present talks upon labor’s place in the vocational ed ucation program Counts From Columbia At the concluding session on Sunday morning. President E C Elliott will speak on “What the Univeisity Has to Offer You” Democ 1 acy s future in Amei ica will be outlined by George S Counts of Columbia University, president of the American Federation of Teach eis, and Dr J A Estey, of the University department of history, economics and government In the final presentation of the two day confer ence, Edward D Connor, assistant legional director of W P A adult education, and Di Lillian Gilbieth University professor of management, will dis cuss “Training the Future Labor Official ’
izeis, fillers, crowners and conveyors, wishes to employ some ME seniors with good scholarship and personality for a company training program preparatory to service engineering
272
‘His diction IS great—but he’s too slow in changing phonograph records’”
Camera Club Will Hold Final Meeting Of Year Camera Club will hold its final meeting of the year tonight at 7 30 in room 304 of the Union A feature of the piogiam will be an exhibi tion of prints made by V A Hilar ov,*of Evanston, III, a winner in the Northwestern Railway Photo graphy contest and the Popular Photography contest of last year Lee Noi quest will discuss a man usenpt on photography and is anx lous to get the opinions and sug gestions of club members on it
A Week Of War (Continued from page 1) fare” in failing to blow up budges as they letieated, “although such orders had been given”
Sixty thiee scholarships totaling $35 000 have been awarded by Columbia University for 1940-41.
Italy Ready For War Rome, May 21—Count Galeazzo Ciano, Italian foreign mimstei, stated in an editorial in his newspaper , II Telegrafo, today that “the hour IS near when our influence on the course of events must be more active ” Air raid precautions and blackouts m chief industrial centers began with a three day test tonight
Notice To Mechanical Engineering Seniors Mr E G Berngen of the Gatke Corporation, 228 North LaSalle Street Chicago, Illinois, manufac tureis of automotive and industrial brake Imeis, non metallic bearings and gears is intiested m employing a mechanical engineering senior af
C E Cox, chief engineer, Chicago Pneumatic Tool Company, Franklin, Penn, is interested in employing an ME senioi for engineering publicity work
Mr J M Sullivan, Detroit Edison Co , will visit Purdue soon to interview EE seniors interested in power sales
Take No Ghances! Have your winter garments cleaned NOW I Lay them away in Cedarized Moth-Proof bags—at no added cost. We return your garments to you in a Dust-Proof, Cedarized bag!
P W Watt, of the Washington National Insurance Company, Evanston, 111 has salaried jobs for sen-
Mr A J Couture, personnel department of the Geo J. Meyer Mfg Co, Milwaukee, Wis, designers and and manufacturers of bottle cleaning equipment, washers, pasteur
132 Northwestern Ave.
American Laundry
PI»on« aos5
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• School Supplies
e Professional
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
Risk Dental Clinic DR PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RISK 4th Gr Ma n Phone 5701
e Hardware
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse—Lower Prices 822 Main St Phone 2777
• Jewelers
Hays jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices
Outfitters For Fraternities and Sororities Edgerton Hardware 321 State St Phone 4354
e Locksmith
Keys & Locks Keys for trunks door locks desk locks n ght latches and padlocks Auto keys a specialty Bicycles ac cessories and repairing MULHAUPrS 209 n N 5th St Phone 2828
e Dairy Products
MILK 46 Different Food Substances Sunshine Farms Phone 5015
• Dine
COME OVER' EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Mam St 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
KO SUMMER SCML
ever was eventful. Many of your fellow students will be seen in Bold and Black-maybe even your room-mate, or that certain co-ed. Yes, Campus Activities will continue in full swing—and many others are planned. Know when to come to the campus and get in on the dances and other good times. If you can’t be here in person, do the next best by yourself . . . order the Summer Session Exponent delivered to your door. Fifty cents for the entire summer mailed anywhere. Deac, Southworth’s or the Union Desk will gladly help you with this matter.
the Purdue Exponent BUSINESS PHONE 5038