' , '»S-‘
’ t ’ '!■ ' 4i '• L,■ * ’ ,.1 , ’ ¥
f'i?.'. - ' I*!*
IN THE NEWS University Groups Participate In Navy Day
xfumeHt
ON
THE CAMPI^
Booster Bally ^heilfileii For 7:30 lirMusleH^
Volume S3, No. 103
West Uafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, January IB, f B42
^llie VttSUKTOH MERRY-60-ROUNI
By Drew Pearson and Robert S. Allen
Sheean Tells 3,500 War Time Test Due In 1942 6^67
“We hold the victory in our hands if we want it and are determined to take it.” With that statement Vincent Sheean, author-journalist recently returned from the Far East, last night closed his discussion of “what is going on no'W,” speaking^ before a crowd of 3,500 students, faculty members and
Engineering Schools Gain 107; Others Drop Total enrollment in the Univer-
Will Present In Music Hall
townspeople attending a regular University convocation in sity was 6,167 as of last Saturday,
the Music Hall.
Sheean emphasized, however, that 1942 would be the test year determining whether the war will last two years more or for a much longer period.
Need For Experts, Not Amateurs, To Put Mrs. Roosevelt Out As Civil Defense Administrator WASHINGTON, Jan. 27. — Mrs. Roosevelt’s days as Assistant Civil Defense Director are numbered. She doesn’t want to get out; sincerely believes that she is making an important contribution to this vital war work. But others, among them some of her best friends, think otherwise and, under certain plans quietly in the works, she will depart. Friends of the First Lady have felt for some time that her presence at CD headquarters was not helping the agency, or doing her any good. She works earnestly and unstintingly, and during the pre-war period, when CD was chiefly a promotional body, she performed real service. But under war conditions, CD has become a functional organization and the public is demanding that this crucial war work be directed by experts. Members of Congress have received numerous letters complaining about Mrs. Roosevelt’s continuance as a CD executive and urging that she and other “amateuis” be replaced. Note:—Since the first of the year, Mrs. Roosevelt has doubled hbr already considerable monthly contribution to the Red Cyoss. • Royal Neighbor Handsome, young Atchduke Otto of Austria created qu.te a fluuy (cspeeially among the ladies) when he appeared in the House restaurant lecently and shook hands with many congressmen, among them John Sparkman of Alabama. “I know all about you. Congressman,” said the relugee would-be ruler, “I noticed that one of the neighbors in my apartment building had congressional license tags on his automobile. So I looked him up and foum^ it was you.” “Yes,” said Sparkman, “we live on the same floor.” “Now that we’ve met formally, (Continued on page 2) Discussion Managers Choose Topics; Plan For February Series All-Campus Discussion Tournament plans were airanged in a meeting of house discussion managers yesterday afternoon. The subject chosen for discussion in the tourney, which will be held during the first two weeks of February, is “How can we best implement the Good Neighbor Policy?—that is, best promote cooperation and friendship among the Pan-Amer-ican nations?” In the series of six discussion sessions the following topics will he presented respectively in the analysis phase: “What are the origins and erenient.s of the Good Neighbor Policy?” “What are the economics factors involved?” and “What are the racial and cultural aspects involved?” The solution phase will include “Should our goal be one of hemispheiic self-suf-ficiency?” “Should our goal be .some form of collective security?” and “(What should we propose for a long range program?” to be discussed in the final meeting of the serie.s. During the course of the tournament .^everal discussion gioups will attend various houses on campus, the efforts of which Will be judged by members of the faculty present at the discuss!,oils. Weekly eliminations will follow these discussion groups to choose seven students, each from a different oiganization. A trophy cup will be awarded to the winner chosen from the final gioup of Sloven, e.h.a.
Sacrifice of much of our present standard of living and not the maintenance of “business as usual” is necessary for a prompt victory, he said.
50 Years Of Conquest
Prefacing his review of the pies-
Samuel To Lecture / To Hill el Foundation Maurice Samuel, Jewish writer and lecturer, will speak at 8 p. m. tomorrow at Temple Israel, Seventh
according to an announcement by President E. C. Elliott yesterday. This number represents a deei’ease of 247 from the total of 6,414 registered at the end of the second week of the second semester last year.
ROTC Parades At 4; Evening Program Features Induction
Students Will Address
AlChE At 7:30 Tonight _ ^ Beginning a week of Navy activities on the campus, a Navy
AlChE will hold a special meet- Booster Rally will be held at 7:30 tonight in the Music HalL mg at 7:30 tonight in room 302 of The Rally will be sponsored Jby American Legion Post No, 11
While the total en.ollmeat sLevt “c1lt,““o»o.rat i>lons "ith local churches, lodges and civic^oupa.
ent Far Eastern situation with a Alabama streets. He is speak-
dropped 3.8 per cent, the registra- nounces that six or "seven college Opening Navy Day, two motorized battalions of University tion in the schools of engineering going, to speak on the in- ROTC materiel will parade at 4 p.m. from downtown Lafaymcrea^d or 3.4 per cent to dustrial experience they received ette across the levee and into West Lafayette accompanied by
the Jefferson, West Side and Monticello High School bands, The Booster Rally program will
brief resume of the Japanese program of conquest which began some 50 years ago with the first Sino-Jap war, Sheean pictured tl^e lines of defense against the Nipponese as three roughly concentiic
arcs.
In the innermost zone he included Shanghai, Hongkong, the Philip-
ing at an .Open Forum program sponsored by Hillel Foundation. Samuel has served as a soldier in the United States army, interpreter at the post-war Peace Conferences and Reparations Commissions, and news correspondent. He is also a novelist and has recently written The Great Hatred and
3,256. Declines were common to all summer or befole at
the other schools of the Univer
sity.
New freshmen registeiing this se
inester number 89; there are now 1,839 Green Potters on the campus. University enrollment usually declines for the second semester of each year; 6,675 were enrolled last semester. In the school year of 1940-
tending the University.
Prof. J. L. Bray, head of the Schools of Chemical and Metallur-. gical Engineering, has said that “Because of this background, these students have a much better appreciation of economic problems such as law materials, transportation, and storage. Also they can more ef-
41, 6,967 students were in attend- fectively teach others with this adance during the first semester and ditional experience. The student
pines^ Indo-Chma and Singapoie. trapslated The Nazarene by Sholem 6,414 during the second. who has Avoiked has moie ability The second arc of defense, which Asch. The all-time record for Univei sity in choo-sing his electives, for he has is becoming the main scene of The subject of Samuel’s lecture enrollment was set during the first a definite knowledge of what he action is the Dutch Indies. The '"’*9 be “The Next Twenty Five semester of the 1939-40 school year wants to learn. Lastly, such a perthird zone, and the one which must Years.” This talk is open to the when 7,121 students crowded the son has a keener appieciation of the hold out if the continental United Public, k.r.c. campus, j.h.a. labor situation today. States and India are not to be ex- - — ' ' ' ■" —
posed to attack, is made up of Austialia,' New Zealand and the
Hawaiian Islands.
“Pearl Harbor” Timed With Nazis “Pearl Harbor” was timed to occui at the same time as the Geiman
letreat to winter lines in Russia, To the desk which has been set Sheean declaied. There have been up in the Union opposite the gicat no “coineadences” in German and hall, about five hundred students Japanese actions since the anti- have already come to buy defense eomintcin pact between the two na- stamps since the sale began Jantions in 1936, but only well co- uary 20. Three coeds—Jane Rumsoidmated, concerted moves. “Com- dell, Martha Lee Riggs and Charing months will give us fuithcr_ lotte Hass—aie__ jyctured here givpioof of this,” he said. iiig their small change at this desk In discussing the military aspects to Bob Hawkinson and Jim Starkey,
Stamp Sales Lag; '500 Students Invest $230 For Defense Drive
open with a short recital fay the University band followed by the showing of movies depicting life in the navy. Then the Concert Choir, under the direction of A, P. Stewart, will sing two songs that they sang at the recent Indianapolis war rally: “God Shall Guide Us,” by Victor Herbert and “Angels of
Mercy,”
WBAA To Broadcast Anthem At 8 p.m. University radio station WBAA will pick up the progiam, at which time the University band will play the Navy anthem, “Anchors Aweigh.” Next on the program will be the featxu-ed speaker of the evening. President E. C.
U. 5. Army Selects University To Train Supply Inspectors Jobs Involve Ordnance 'From Tanks To Pisfols' The University has been selected as one of the seveial institutions in the Cincinnati Ordnance distiict for the training of junior mspec-tois-trainees for the United States Army Oidnance department. Pro-
fessor C. W. Beese, director of the ^Elliott, followed by the Glee Club’s
of the picsent Fai Eastern battling, Sheean pictured Singapoie a.s difficult to defend. Its los.s, he said, would bo serious but not latal, and not as dire a loss as that of Buima and the last loute into
China.
Sheean was introduced by T. R. Johnston, University publicity dilectoi, who conducted a question period following the addiess at jvvhich Sheean answeied a rapid file of ouostions for twenty minutes, winning applause from the audience foi his fiicndly willingness to loply to “just one more” queiy.
j.h.w.
Red Cross Workers Receive Instruction At Meeting In Union Meeting yesterday afternoon in the west faculty lounge of the Union, coed workers from the Red Cioss received mstiuctions about theii woik fiom Mrs. R. B. Wiley, chairman of the Tippecanoe Coun-
ty Red Cioss.
Mrs. Wiley explained to the coeds the new time cards which will give the girls credit for their work. These cards will be kept by four girls who will be found in the Red Cross quarteis every day from 3 to 4:30 p.m. and on Saturdays .from 2 until 4 p.m. It'd' 26 hours of Red Cross work, the coeds will receive
veils; foi 50, gold pins.
Lafayette, according to Mrs. Wiley, has pledged the blood of 300 donors. The Red Cross Mobile unit of Indianapolis will come to Lafayette in April to collect the blood. Donors must be between the ages
of 21 and 60 years.
Mrs. Wiley announcei^ that the local Red Cross has received a new supply of goods for sewing. She also said that the unit is to make one bundled pneuinoqia jackets this week. The yam foi knitting has not
yet come in, but it
soon. p.s.
Unicn workers selling the stamps. Total sa'.e.s iii r.ie'-^nion have mounted up to ^2^0, although most of" the sales have been confined to single pill chases of the quaiter denomination. Apparent'y a number of students aie taking advantage of the fact that buying the stamps day by day, investing small amounts at one time, is a painless method of accumulating a booklet containing !i)18,75 woith of stamps. This booklet can then be turned in foi a defense bond lYhich w'lll matuie in ten yeais, letuining $25 for
the original investment.
Booklets aie piinted for 25 cent and ten cent ,stamp collections, (^onds may be turned in any time SIX months after pqi chase, when accumulated interest may also be
collected.
One student, mixing patriotism with class cutting, has come in to buy a quai’tei stamp every time he cuts a class. According to Hawkinson, who with Marilyn Fifield is in charge of the Union booth, demand for the booklets has fallen off since the initial appearance of the stamps on campus. The same students aie now coming back for more stamps to fill their newly acquued books.
a\
t
The defense mixer last Saturday night resulted in a sellout at the Union desk, although there was some confusion as to just what to do with the stamps after they had been purchased. Some buyers attempted to return them to the ticket taker, evidently not understanding that they wei'e to be kept in the booklet and added to each time the student has some small change. It IS for this leason that booths have been set up in the Union, at the Cashiei’s office in the Executive building, at WRH and in the Caiy Hall post office.
The Defense stamp committee is holding a call-out for all those who would like to add additional help
m the all-out defense effoit. Stu- eligibles selected
defense training here, -announced
yesterday.
Under this piogiam, men selected thiough civil seivice, examination for jobs as junioi inspectortrainees in the ordnance department Will be tiallied on the campus as pait ot the defense tiaimng progiam, which the Univeisity is conductjng under the authority of the U- S. office-oLnducation. Classes To Begin In March The.3C jobs involve the inspection of all types ot ordnance — from tanks to pistols—to deteimine if such matciials comply with technical army specifications. It is anticipated that actual class woik will get undci way on the campus
early in March.
Mon betv een the ages of 18 and 35 aie eligible if they have had at least one year of engineeiing tiaining 111 a lecognizcd college or univeisity oi two yaais of college study including six seniestoi-hours each in cheiiiistiy, physics and iiiatheiiiatics. Then course of study should have included tngonorieti:^ eithei 111 high school 01 college. Written Exams To Be Given Written examinations will he given at fiequent inteivaL after which
for employment
rendition of “Blind Plowman.” Several Navy officials will be introduced to the audience. Marvin Smith, Sci ’42, will sing “White Cliffs of Dover.” Chmaxing the rally program. University students now enrolled in the Navy V-5 (Air Corps Cadet) and V17 (Deck or Engineering Officer) classifications will be featured rn « special public mductio^" ceremony. This is the fifth thiie that such a ceremony has been presented publicly. Choir To Sing ‘Lord’s Prayer' After the pledge of allegiance has been given by the men just enlisted, the Concert Choir will sing Mallote’s “The Lord’s Prayer.” The program will close then with the playing of “The Star Spangled Banner” by the band. Fraternities and other campus organizations who have men enlisted in the Navy will be presented special Navy Booster Plaques. Campus sororities whose members have fathers, brothers or husbands are also entitled to seivice placards. Over 300 Na\'y mothers from 12 Indiana counties have been invited by V. H. Burkett, CFC, of the Lafayette Recruiting Station to he presented with service placards. A
dents will be on duty every day will be given probational employ- seats is ^inj, re-
from 11 a.m. to 1 p.m. and from 3 to 5:45 p.m., ancLon Sunday afternoons to facilitate the sales. The Student War Council has provided for the sale of stamps in ordei to give an oppoitunity to every student to help diiectly the national defense effoif.
ment under the designation junior inspeotoi-trainees, ordnance material, at $1,400 a year. These appointees will be placed in a formal tiaining course, while on the ordnance department payioll, mvolvw ith iiig full time study for three months. Pio- After completing the couise, suc-
served for Navy parents attending the rall^^ Othei programs included 111 the week of Navy activities will be given over WBAA and will be' announced in the Exponent, k.ga*.
Kappa Psi
ceecls of the sale of the stamps and cessful giaduates will be assigned bonds go to the goveinment for the to inspection duty, and recommendpuichase of wai equipment, a.l.w. (Continued on page 2)
. . . pharmaceutical honorary, will hold a compulsory meeting in room 303 of the Union at 7:30 tonight.
ME Seniors To Fill Out Dick Cisne To Play Qn Land, In The Air...
Personnel File Cards Seniors in the Mechanical Engineering School are to make appointments as soon as possible in the Pi Tail Sigma reading looin in the/ME Building for sometime tomoriow’ or F'riday to fill out their permanent personnel recoid cards, according to an announcement received yestei-
day.
Members of Pi Tau Sigma, mechanical engineeiing honoiary, will
For Foresters' Ball Friday In Union Dick Cisne and his twelve-piece orchestra will provide the music for the annual Foi esters’ Ball, sponsored by the Forestiy Club and Xi Sigma Pi, foiestiy honorary, to be held Friday night from 9 to 12 in the south ballroom of the Union. Cisne oiganized his band while a student at the Univeisity of Illinois in the fall of 1930, fiist playing in
University To Continue Pioneering In Aviation Research^ Pilot Training
13ditor's Nolo: This U the fourth in u set ICS of uiticlcb now hcinR: published in the Exponent prosentingr a detailed account of the part the University is pla>-
in;; in national defense. By Walt Rafert
In order to share the mammoth task of tiaining pilots to man war-
ing, and a possible course in hand- the Purdue Research Foundation ling twin-engined an craft to the until it now has acquired move present primary and secondary than $400,000 for development training courses. work. ^The CAA pilot ti-aining proHas Offered ‘Refreshers’ giain was begun here on Sept. 16, Before the Army recently low’- weeks ahead of any
act as student supeivisovs foi the. the Illinois Union ballroom. Since planes w’hich the country plans to ered its requirement standards for University.
Norman Thompson . . . ME ’40 has graduated fiom the Ail Corps Advanced Flying School at Brooks Field, Tex., after seven and a half months of training. Thompson has completed instruction in foimation flying, in-
form-filHng procedure which w'ill he held m the ME conference room. These new 2)er.sonnel cards aie
IS expectec pj.gpmgji ^he Personnel Office to
help students and alumni obtain
employment. All University .seniors netw'ork, WLW and WMAQ.
and juniors will eventually be required to fill out the cards, c.f.h.
Paul H. Reedy
... of the Electrical Engineering staff, has returned to the cam-
that tune he has played at such build within the next tw'o years, the its Flying Cadets, Univeisity ofspots a&..the Colony Club in Chica- Civilian Aeronautics Authority’s ficials were “on their toes” in prego, the Gibson Hotel in Cincinnati pilot training program in colleges paring “refresher” courses that and Belle-Rive Hotel m Shreveport, and universities will probably be would aid applicants m passing La. He has broadcast ovei the NBC enlarged to supplement the Army na(intal examinations in addition to
and Navy training facilities, ac- maintaining high standards of the
strument flying, interception prob- Pus after attending the winter conlems and day and night cross coun- vention of the Institute of Radio try, besides the ground school pro- Engineers at the Commodore Hogiani. lol in New Yoik City.
Red (Jumbo) Miiier wiii be featuied in the vocals and novelty entertainment, but Cisne himself will diiect the band and play the piano. Lloyd Stiang fills in with the ballad uumbeis and Gene Robinson, the man with the Donald Duck voice, does imitations and comedy. Tickets for the infoimal dance are $1.10 and may be obtained at
New Labs To Be Used
Development work has all originated in Meikle’s office, and has been carried out by Professor's K. D. Wood, Joe Liston, and E. F. Bruhn, of the School of Aeronautical Engineering. The new engine
cording to G. S. Meikle, diiector p^ot training cofirse so that stu-
of the Purdue Research Foundation dents completing secondary tiam- laboratory being built at the aiyand Research Relations w’lth Indus- ing might leceive credit for the port, the flight research being cat- • , Army's primary training upon en- ried on theie, and the structujes The University’s pioneering ef- teiiiig the .\ii Coips. laboiatoiy being completed in the forts in aei onaulieal le&eauh and According to Meikle, the promi- Mechanical Engineering Building in developing the Civilian Pilot nonce acquired by the University will be used for ground school worts Training Piogram heie aie to be in aeronautics may lead the Amy m addition to Aeropautical Engi-
continued ivith the addition of a partially to assume student expen- neering courses,
cross count! y course in navigation ses in the CAA program. Starting Research on the psychology of
iSj.
the west desk of the Union or from this spiiiig, an instructors’ course, with $2,000 in 1933, the aeronautics pilot competency is being
any horestry (Jub member, d.e.h. nn msiiument loui'se foi blind fly- jiiogram heie has been uiged by
(Continued on page 2)
« •
/m - -'V'WW-
^ipilization: U. S.A., 1942 "He ho resistance and said nothing. He was stuffed ihitii:the trunk compartment of a motor car and taken to the district. XlTiere was a mob of over 600, and they tied his Ifeelt to the fear of an automobile and dragged him through the streets to the schoolyard. There gasoline was poured over his body and he was burned. By now the mob had grown to 7,000. A city truck removed the Negro’s body after it had been in the strijets several hours.” The scene: Sikeston, Mo., U. S. A. The subject: A Negro mill hand accused of attempting to criminally assault a white woman. The time: January 26, 1942. Gk>d'bless America, “the land of the free and the home of the brave,” “Remember Peai'l Harbor and the fight for liberty.” ■‘Ameri^ is the hope of the world, and must fight for the democratic way of life.” Missouri, the “show me” state, has indeed shown the world. ■ J. L. T.
Merry-Go~Round (Continued from page 1) I would feel highly honored it you would di'op in some evening,” said the Archduke. “That will be a pleasure,” responded Sparkman. “In fact, I think we’ll be seeing a lot of each other. I’m an air I’aid warden in the building.” • Senator Norris Senator George Norris, veteran public power champion, is not given to much talk, but when he does speak out he packs a potent wallop. Despite the fact that the Federal Power Commission is one of the most important and efficient War agencies, untility-minded bureaucrats of the Budget Bureau included it in the list of government units to be move<i out of Washington because of over^ crowding. Norris is not opposed to decentx'alization, but when he heard of the secret scheme to harpoon FPC, he hit the ceiling. He sat down and wi’ote a letter to the President. The letter consisted of only one paragraph, but that was enough. Within an hour after the letter reached him, Roosevelt personally ordered the FPC removal cancelled’. Note:—^So intpressed was the President by the succinctness of Norris’ letter, that he passed it around at a cabinet meeting as an example of “how to write a letter on official business.” • Still America Firsting The governing board of the America First Committee officially announced it disbandment several days after Pearl Harbor, but that isn’t keeping certain New York warlocks of the organization from continuing their operations. Intelligence authorities have a report on a meeting of this element last week in an establishment formerly known as the GernianAmerican Rathskeller. Sixty-six attended this affair, among them a nuinber of one-time employes of the New York America First headquaiffers. One of them was Marjorie Kennedy who made the arrangements for the secret pow-wow in her name. Another was Mrs. Catherine Larkin, a militant America First stumper, who also was present at the meeting of America First, leaders that was addressed by Charles Lindbergh December 19, eleven days after Pearl Harbor and shortly before he offered his services to the Army. At the secret session, Lindbergh reiterated his charge that Britain was responsible for the war and counselled his listeners to bide their time for future political action. Two others present at last week’s meeting were Mary Norton, who was active in an “impeach Roosevelt” movement last year. Note: — Intelligence officials have records of other secret America First gatherings in Chicago, St. Louis and Los Angeles. At these meetings plans were discussed for distributing “literature” to the men in nearby military camps and also for taking
Jo Stong Will Perform At Scrivener Meeting Jo Stong, president of the University chapter of Theta Alpha Phi, dramatic honorary, will be the special guest at the Scrivener meeting at 7:30 p. m. Sunday in room 263 of the Union. Miss Stong, who had one of the leading roles in Playshop production, “Night Must Fall” and “What A Life” last year, will read a cutting of the play “Tovarich,” Russian comedy. Other students manuscripts will be read as usual. All students interested are invited to attend as guests of Scrivener, j.a.f. Jim Seaborg, EE 38, Obtains Commission In Naval Air Corps James W. Seaborg, EE ’38, was awarded the commission of ensign this week after completing the sev-en-month training course at the Navy’s flying school in Jacksonville,
Fla. .
While attending the University Seaborg was a member of Theta Chi social fraternity, fraternity presidents’ council. Silver Mask, Skull and Crescent, AIEE arid was co-captain of the fencing team. Seabord enlisted in the Navy at Philadelphia and went through elimination training at the Naval Reserve Air Base at that city before reporting to Jacksonville last April. In addition to flying training, Seaborg took courses at the Jacksonville Ground school in technical aircraft information, a.l.w. part in the coming congressional elections. • Tin Cans Housewives all over the country have deluged Washington with inquiries about saving tin cans. The answer is yes, and no. Yes, because the government is making plans for reclaiming the tin and steel in discarded contcijners. No, because the government is not yet ready for this program. Coming to Washington soon will be E. Baden Powell, co-inventor with Dr. W. C. Gregoi'y of what is said to be a practical method for reclaiming all the metal in the common tin can. The two inventors have a system to eliminate labels, laquers, and impurities, and to salvage both the tin and steeT ele-
ments.
This is a diflicult process because to salvage sufficient good melting scrap steel from tin cans, mqre than 96 per cent of the tin must be removed. On the other hand, to save the tin, it has been necessary in the past to sacrifice the steel. Under the salvage program being organized by thq War Produbtion Board, twelve strategically located recovery plants will be erected. Their location' and the amount of metal they will reclaim are military
secrets.
But, housewives, eventually used tin cans will definitely be a part of the war picture. (Copyright, 1942, by United Feature Syndicate, Inc.)
Examines Applicants Students and non-sHidents desiring Aviation Cadet Training, are now being interviewed by Major Joseph E, More, president of Aviation Cadet Examiniiig Board No. 1, iii the doiiferencc room of the Executive Building. Since More last visited the campus' in December, the Air Corps has made a number of changes in rulings.' The most important change is the lowering of the educational rec^uirements for Navigator-Bomb-ardier applicants and the placing of their physical requirements, on the same level as those for pilots. Applications of married men who can prove that they have no . one fully dependent on their incomes and will sign statements to that, effect will be accepted and the minimum age, limit has been lowered from 20 to 18 years, while the top remains 26 years. ' No evidence of formal education is required, since all applicants take the same qualifying examina-
tion.
Application forms to appear before the Examining Board and further information may be had from the Adjutant’s office in the Armory; H. H. Horner, Lafayette Chamber of Cqmmerce; or the Regular Army Recruiting Office, Lafayette Post Office building, g.w.s. Coeds To Hold Election Today Today from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. freshman coeds will yote at the entrance to the south ballroom of the Union to elect two representatives on the executive board of AWS. The two they elect will be the only freshmen on the bpard and will serve for the remainder of the second semester. Nominees for the positions are; Jean Fountaine, Betty Harrison, Betty Purcell, Carol Roblee, Arnette Short, Fay Pyler and Virginia Warren. Passports must be shown before ballots can be obtained, m.j.l.
Civil Service Will Offer Defense Jobs
We&esftay, January 26
Vp Pl^csilly Unfit Representative of the Civil Service Commission will be at the University this morning at 9 o’clock to conduc.t, interviews with men physically unable to qualify for
service.
Lieutenant - Commander R. J. Twyman, USNR, has announced, that those men who wish to serve their country, but are unable to because of physical defects, may be employed as Assistant Inspectors or Inspectors of Naval Material in factories producing for the Navy. “Doing Something Constructive” Lieutenant-Commander Twyman stated, “These men' can feel from a patriotic standpoint that they are actually doing something constructive in the war effort and are serving their country by replacing men who can better serve in the combat forces. If, for no other reason than this one, men of the type for which we are looking should welcome this opporthnity.” The lowest salaries to be paid men working at the aforementioned jobs will be $1,620 a year,; increasing Ao $2,000 as they become more experienced. Want Engineers The navy is interviewing engineers who could serve as inspectors. These men would work in factories in Chicago, Milwaukdc, Minneapolis and other points in this area, under the supervision of Naval officers. According to stAtement from Twyman, these industries could use men with one leg or one hand or one eye, or men with impaired hearing or impaired eyesight that could be corrected by the use of glasses, or, hunchbacks or men beyond the com-
bat a,ges.
Since the first notice appeared concerning this branch of service about twenty men have signed up. Anyone interested should sign up at once in the Personnel .Office for an interview.
2:30 p.m. Home PJgnnihgTjroup... Room 303, Union 7:30 p.m. Kapph Psi Fraternity.. Room 303, Union 7:30 p. m. AfChE Melting ...Room .302, Chem and Met^Bpilding 7:30p.. m. Mavn^O C.ojurse E. aftd W. Reception Room’s, Union 7:30 p.m. AIEE Meeting. Rooms 241, 264t EE Building 8:00 p.m. Trj Kappa Book Review ...N. Ballroom, Union
ice
Firii)iixM Witis P/ac^ent
Organizes Courses In Secretary Work
University To (Continued from page 1) on under Prof. E. L. Kelly of the Department of Education and Applied Psychology. Training in smaller aircraft is used in primary CAA training is rapidly becoming of more value, according to R. C. Dickinson, instructor in Aeronautical Engineering and supervisor of the CAA ground school, with the Army’s’ increasing usage, of 50 to 60 h.p. planes for communications. Primarily Navigation Problem The new CAA cross-country course will primarily be a study of navigation problems in which students will plot their courses in a four-place cabin plane for their in-structor-pilot to follow. The course will be equivalent to a full semester’s work and students will fly approximately three hours each day. A course for prospective instructors is being planned here, while blind flying instruction as a part of CAA training is nqt being offered in any schools yet. The latter calls for a $9,000 Link Trainer as part of the teaching equipment. This potential CAA training will give the students a total of approximately 300 hours of flying instruction, the equivalent of the Army Air Corps’ standard basic training. The development of these plans with addition of changes, to conform with the process of government standardization of all training programs will, according to Meikle, continue the University’s pioneering in both technical and actual flying aspects of aeronautics, rather than having it known as just one of the 510 schools-of-fering the Civilian Pilot Training Program.
fiwuduuL £xpotumL All-American 1940-'41
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 187'9, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103; act of October 3, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.50 per year, mail subscriptions, $4,00.
Editor-in-Clucf Ned A. (ichiltrcc News Editor John L. Traueott Bports Editor Phil Johnson
Business Manager Don S. Powers Managing Editor ...Lcland W, Ruffner Coed Editor ...Ruth Rose
Publication Staff Editorial Staff: J. I*’, Amoy, J, JJ. Armtilronff, D. T, Brophy, H. h- Jtadicy, I*'. I. Junud, E. G. lumper. Spms staff: 0. T. Clark. J. D. I-'raaer, J. S. Kuclor. Coed Staff: Mary iC. Boynton, Alice Clmtficld, Jane Ramsdcll. Aesociate Editors
'Business Staff Coed BuoiiicHS, Manascr: Doimu SicBo: Office Slanager : Lee Bobtiong. • _ . Locat Advcptifflnfr MnnasrerK: K. K. Gjcmrc, R. h. Saxton; Circulation Maiiaecc: W. T. iicll; Aecuunta Man:ufor: W. D. Millard. Junior Coed Managers: Jean Frankenberry, Frances Lloyd, Julia Martin.
Phone*; Editorial and Business, 4005; Sports, 2792 Editorial After 10 P. M., 5377
Repreaented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatitts, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Staff For This Issue
Kifht Editor: Jones D*x Editor: Boynton
Issue Editor: Smith Sports Editor: Keeler
llepurters; C. K. Hass, E. H. Ahrens, H. P. Stenberg, A. L. Wieharii, M. L, Kiggs, G. W. Starr, M, J. I.uuor, D. E. But’c, K. G. Koquemore, K. R. Chri.stman, J. T. Kimbrell, A, L. Slone, D. M. Shryer, P. M. Miller, S. A. Watson, W, H. Glover.
Companies Scheduled To Visit Campus U. S. Navy Ordnance Dept., Wgshiington,, p. C., J^n. 26 and 27. Barley Meter Company, Cleveland, Oh|o, Jan. 26. Automatic Electric Company, Chicago, 111., Jan. 27. Sperry Gyroscope Co., Inc., Brooklyn, N. Y., Jan. 27. U, S. Army, Aviation Cadet Examining Board, Washington, D. C., Jan. 27, 28, 29, 30, 31. B. F. Goodrich Co., Akron, Ohio, Jan. 27, " • Sun Oil Co,, Toledo, Ohio, Jan.
28,
Ninth Naval District, Great Lakes, Tib, January 28 (tentative date). Zenith Radio Corp., Chicago, 111., Jan. 29 and 30. Hercules Powder Co., Wilmington, Delaware, Jan; 30. If any senior is interested in an interview with any of the following companies, complete one of the yellow “Request for Interview” cards, a supply of which is .in your school office. You will be notified by card from the Personnol Office when to schedule for an. interview. American Steel & Wire, Cleveland Ohio—Coming, Feb. 5 and 6. Would like to see ME, EE, Met, CE. John Detere Tractor Co., Waterloo, Iowa—Coming Feb. 11 and 12. Would like to see ME and' a limited number of Junior ME’s for summer work. Defender Photo Supply Co., Rochester, N. Y.—Tentative date for their visit, Feb. 3. Would like to see ME,; EE, Cb..E, Sci. Drackett Company, Cincinnati, Ohio—Will come at a later date if a sufficient number sign up. Would like to.’see ME and Ch.E.-r-prefer-ably. men from this section of the coiunti’y,. .with a radius of 200 miles from Ginncmati. . • , Drav.o Corporation, Pittsburgh, Pa.—GoWng. soon. Wants ME, CE, EEj .Ch.E, Mot, ,PSE. They are also interested in a number of the most promising men from the. Junior class in each of these schools for summer work.:; Erie Railroad Co. (Chicago & Erie R. R. Go.) Cleveland, Ohio — Feb. 6. M'.E. & E.E. General Motors Co., Detroit, Mich. —Feb. 4, 6, 6, and 7. Juniors for summ.er. work. Harnischfeger Corp., Milwaukee, ’Wis.—Coming soon. National Supply Co., Toledo, Ohio -T-Coming soon; Would like to see ME, Ch.E, Met.E, PSE & T & I E. Square D Co., Milwaukee, Wis.— Coming Feb. 4-5. Would like to see ME and'EE. ■; Union Switch & Signal Co., SwKssvale, Pa.—Coming Feb. 9. Uslico Mfg. Co., Inc., Frankfort, Indiana—Coming soon. Western Electric Company, Hawthorne Station, Chicago, 111. — No representative will visit the campus. Anyone interested, secure an application blank from Personnel Office to be sent directly to Mr. S. B. Holden of the company. This .should be done before Jan. 31. Babcock & Wilcox Co:, Barberton, Ohio.—Feb. 16. E.E. and C.E.’s for production work and Ch.E.’s for laboratory work. Hoover Company, North Canton, Ohio.—Afternoon of Feb. 3. M.E., E.E., Ch.E. Freshman Callouts . . . for anj' one interested in working on the staff of the Purdue Engineer will be held at 4:15 p.m. today in room 380 of the Union. Positions are open on both the business and editorial staffs. Plans are being made for publishing the magazine monthly throughout the year.
Organization^ meeting for the secretarial courses to be offered this semesteri.was held Monday afternoon at 4 in the East Faculty Lounge of the, Union. Miss Irene Peldt, Director of the Placement Service for Women, explained plans for the courses. Registration was taken for beginning and advanced typing and shorthand. At Both Schools ■Plans had been made to offer typing and shorthand at both West Lafayette and Jefferson high schools, but Miss Feldt stated that unless more people sign up to take the courses at Jefferson classes will not be held there. All classes are to be held from 7 to 9 p. m.; some adjustment of the schedule can be made if enough people desire it. At West Side High School, typing will be offered on Tuesday and Thursday and shorthand on Monday and Wednesday. Typing will be offei’ed at Jeff on Monday and Wednesday.
The Price
The fee for each course will be between five and ten dollars, depending upon the number of students who enroll. The book for each course will' cost between $1 and $i.25, and students will furni.sh their own papei' and notebooks. Miss Feldt emphasized that no one should sign up for a course w'ho is not sure that she will be able to
complete it.
Registration for these courses is still being, taken today. Interested students should call the Placement Service, 2956, between 8 a. in. aiid 4:30 p. ni. today, t.m.d. Defense Courses (Continued from page 1) . ed for reclassification to junior in-spector-trainee, ordnance material, at $1,620 a year, after they have demonstrated sufficient proficiency to warrant such promotion. Joseph Ries, of the Cincinnati Ordnance District, and David John.son, of the Sixth Civil Service district were on the campus yesterday making arrangeniehts for the training program which the University will operate. Men interested in these positions may obtain application blanks in any first or second post office or from the manager of the sixth U. S. Civil Service district, U. S. Post Office and Court House, Cincinnati. Examination Centers Applicants will be notified When to appear for written examination which will be given at frequent intervals at the following places in Indiana: Bloomington, Evansville, Indianapolis, Jeffersonville, Lafayette, Marion, Muncie, Richmond, Terre Haute and 'Vincennes.
Irainingj To Senior men interested in’obtaining officer trai’,hing for-the Unitjed States Coast Guard should apply at the Personnel office; for iiiforptation and a sample application blank. Training for the first group of applicants will commence at the Coast Guard Academy at'New London, Conn., about'Feb. 10, ' Upon completion of a 30-day preliminary training, as apprentice seamen, those qualifying.iwili receive an additional three months’ training as cadets in the Coast Guard Reserve.’ Cadets who complete Hie ad^yanced course . will be ’ cbmmissiongd as''efisigns in .the .United States ;Coast Guard Reserve where they '.’miiTst ser.ye; if dr, the duration of the existing emergency. Additional information may be obtained from local Co^ast Guard Recruiting Officers, e.h.a. -f'' A: ri':, ' Pealjgr Sponsors Exhibit' In Music Room : Cbfiection of modern and colorful textiles, shown by Domenico Mastalio a New York textile dealer;is on exhibition this week in the Music Room of the Union. Majority of the prints are linen, but other fabrics such as corduroy are also represented in the exhibit. These textiles can be used for tableclbths, upholstery cloth and pic-
tures. ’
Home economics .students in clothing, textiles or applied design courses are urged to attend this exhibit which will be -here for ten days, d.e.b. i’.\tron1ze exponent ADVERTISERS
10c PAUL'S PLACE 10c Beef Sioak Beef Barb-Q Home Made Chili Berk Tenderloin Furnas ice Cream Phone 2645 We Deliver
Stenographic Course All .students who have expres.?.ed an interest in the nohcredit courses isi shorthand and typing but who were unable to attend, the organization meeting Monday should call the Placement Service for Women, 195,5, today between 8 and 4:30 for information concerning registration. The students who have registered for West Lafayette Senior High School courses will meet this' evening at 7.
NiBROC PAPER TOWELS None Better Prices to Suit PHONE 7828 mmrn .pri^timg xo.
KEEP YOUR HOME NEAT AND ATTRACTIVE WITH AGE PAINTS FIXTURES — HARDWARE John Sperb Hdwe. 822-24 Main St.
LUHA
LAST DAY
Thur-Fri-Sat—2 Hits GENE AUTRY in COWBOY SERENADE —also — —
ARC
—. LAST TIMES TODAY Daxedevil Couragm Bvrixiga lata Action ak— ‘TheBANPITTRflr wllh Ray Whitley • In (Lasses) % White rSeoetWalilarRKO RADIO
THURS. - FRI. - SAT,SON OF DAVY CROCKETT BLACK CAT 'JUNGLE GIRL," SERIAL PATHE NEWS
Goody's Fine Shoes Goodwin's Shoe Store In The Village 302 State
, DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK —- DENTISTS .... 400-'K>4 Schultz Bldg. 4th and M^'n St. Lafayr*te
Everything for a I College Education f DEAC’S I -v-t-t-K-f 4--ft-t-f-t-t-t-t 4-f-f+-f+4 -f t
— TODAY — DOUBLE FEATURE
James CAGNEY
Bette DAVIS
BRIDE CAME C. 0. D. ; -PLUS- —- FRECKLES COMES HOME — WITH — JOHNNY DOWNS GALE STORM
-STARTS THURSDAYTWO FEATURE HITS
. A Regiment of-Roars! THREE SONS O' GUNS with WAYNE MORRIS TOM BROWN PLUS
RfCHARD CROMWELL IN RIOT SQUAD
MARS THURSDAY -FRIDAY —
A WARNER BROS, HIT with Edward Everett HORTON • Herbert ANDERSON LAST TIMES TODAY —
LRnniiSitii THURS. - FRI. - SAT. —|>i^fWil( Hi; tifiitiial Home Tank Meet
; I By Wayne Glover
,Divihg .should bd one of the outstanding features in the comiilg 4ank ppi^et with Michigan State here this weekend. Heading,'jthis department for the Spartans is Lawrence Luoto, one of the best diyers in the history of the school. Johnny Puengst, Riveter soph, should furnish the visitors plenty of opposition on the low board. Although this will^be his firigt taste of varsity competi- — tion, he has developed fast and form last season, he set varsity reci^ expected to come through 440y-yard .' . . events during his sophomore year, with a strong showing. season he is out to lower these Riveters Shftw Diving Power mai ks and appears to be well on his
Herman Bauer, another sopho- way.
more, is expected to furnish some Promising Sophs ,
stiff competition. Frank Parkas will open his third season of diving for the Boilermakers, is looking better and may be headed for his most promising year. Only two of these men can be used this Saturday and picking these two should provide some good brain-work for
Coach Papenguth.
* \ I
kWeten CfjMili ifi four SiMrfs
Wednesday^ January 28,1942
t ttmmJm/iMmmmmlilm
The Boilermakers aie counting on two sophomores, Vernon Hansel and Cliff Erikson, for the middle distance events. Both of these men
have turned in some good times in field goal chances were hit by the
Plans Fdf Otiib Attack Regarding the Minnesota game as un off night, Coach Lambert’s squad started plans for their attack on Ohio State at Columbus next Saturday night. Fast breaks were emphasized in last night’s practice session, and an attempt to better the shooting average was also given attention. Only 16 out of 76
the 440 and should come through
in this initial meet.
Michigan State will feel right at home in the local pool as their pool
Ted Himmelein, Spartan Co-Cap- resembles our in almost all ways tain, is one of Coach McCaffiee’s except the coloi of the tile, standbys in the distance events. If the sophs come through, the Although Ted did not attain top Spartans are in for a tough meet.
Boilermakers in the Gopher game for a meager .210 average.
Buckeye Revenge?
Ohio State will take the floor with that oM familiar gleam of revenge in their eyes because of the 45-32 setback they suffered at the hands of Purdue earlier this sea-
A Mighty Threesome
... shqwn here discussing matters of momept is Hawkeye Coach Rollie Williams and his two co-captains Rudy Soderquist ahd Vic Siegel. Sodei'quist stands 6’ 3” tall and towers almost a good half foot over his diminutive co-worker of the hardwood. These two seniors on the Iowa quintet have a well earned reputation of forming ,one of the tougher guard combinations of the Big Ten and will bear watching when the Hawkeyes invade the Boilermaker courts a week from Monday.
Southworth’s
Will thrill HER on VALENTINES DAY CANDY . . . llie sweelcbt possible gift lor the bweetest girl ^ you know is delicious SCHRAFT’S Candy. (We pack and mail free to 1st and 2nd Zones)
JEWELRY
give her something to reiiieinher y ou by — something that will keep her “charmed” until next Valentine’s Day — at least.
AND VALENTINE CARDS — beautifully illustrated and lull of old-fashioned sentiment, they’re sure to make her sigh for you 1
E BOOK S OUOPLV STORE
308-10 STATE STREET WEST LAFAYETTE, IND.
Southworth’s
son. The Buckeye five occupies seventh place in the two-thirds Big Ten standing, having won three and lost four. In their Big Ten performance Monday night, the clever Columbus combination Walked all over the down-trodden Chicago five to the tune of 63-36. Coach Lambert will probably take twelve or fourteen men on the trip to Columbus and the squad will leave sometime Friday afternoon. Injuries have not hampered the Boilermaker quintet so far this season and they will be m top physical condition for the clash at Columbus All Alone At OSU , The same tactics that have been followed so far this season will be used by the Lambeitmen against Ohio State. The only missing factoi will be the unequalled support that the Boilermakeis are given by the student body. The Fieldhouse swayed Monday night as tiemendous ovations lose fiom the Purdue stands. Despite the way that lady luck frowned on Coach Lambert’s lads, the students backed their team until the last gun spelled defeat for the Boileimakers. A spiiit like that is a ciedit to the team and to the Univeisity. This support may piove to be the difference between a successful oi ,pn unsuccessful season at Puidue. Buckeyes Down Now Ohio State has had an up-and-down campaign so far this season. In their first game they surprised the mid-west by defeating the invincible Gieat Lakes squad. They were rated as a team to watch because of this victory, but since then they have risen and dropped like a thermometer until now where they rest in the lower bracket of the Big Ten standing. They aie capable of putting on a good show however, and they proved this when they matched baskets with the Riveteis in an earlier tilt this season, until the last quarter when the uncanny eye of “Frosty” Sprowl spelled their defeat.
Intramural News One of the feature attractions of the present intramural season will take place on Friday evening, January 30, when the respective champions of thfe Cary Hall and Ward basketball circuits will meet to de“cide the “Village/Championship.” The teams will clash at 8:16 o’clock on court one of the Fieldhouse gymnasium. Cary Hall 1ft will represent the quadrangle men, while Ward 24 are the present champs of the Ward A teams. Duiing the regular season Caiy Hall 10 copped foiir out of five games, and in the play-offs they took two sti’aight to grab the championship. Meanwhile Ward 24 has come forth with an undefeated season boasting nine straight victories. Six of these were in regular season play, while the other three were in the playoffs. Spectators are welcome to attend what promises to be a good game. Rifle Matches To Start On Thursday, February 5, the Interfraternity rifle matches will start. Pi’actices have been arranged for all organizations, in order that they may select their best men for the actual competition. Each team will be limited to three participants and one coach, if so desiied, who may spot targets. National Rifle Association lules will govern in all cases. Twenty-five pai tieipation points will be awarded to each team entering. The winners will receive five points and a trophy, while the runnel s-up receive thiee points. The teams may use their own rifles, bu^ they must be .22 ealibie with metallic sights. Participants will fire fiom prone position, and each iifle must have a trigger pull of at least thiee pounds. All students aie invited to sharpen up their sights for Jap shooting. Alieady the Caiy Hall and fraternity B-basketball teams have opened their tourney lounds, and the other oiganizations are scheduled to start soon. The Ward Bteams will swing into action on Friday, while Inter-Battery basketball for Military students will begin on Thursday.
Sophomores Two more ward managers are needed by the intramural department. Anyone interested apply at the intramural office, Room 111 of the Fieldhouse at 4 p.m. any afternoon^
Keep 'Em Smiling!
Send the boys a gift and (et them know we're boosting.
Portable Radio! He'll be one of the most popular fellows in camp with a radio
Stationery! Get him some personal stationery for his correspondence (Engraved Insignia)
Military Accessories! Money Belts, Sewing Kits, Mirrors — Billfolds, etc
Portable Phonographs! When good fellows get together they're m the mood for music' Also send the latest record
Camera Equipment! Cameras to remember his buddies at camp'
Flashlight! A handy flashlight is a necessity in camp
THE FOSTER SHOP 109 N. 4th St. Branch Service 411 State—West Lafayette
I^^JOHOSOII
► What A Jumble! With the Big Ten cage season slightly less than one-half comideted. the muddle of teams between lowly Chicago and haughty Illinois is certainly a scramble. There isn’t any first division or second divisfon, it’s just first, last or midway. Four teams have a standing of three wins and three losses, while one has three wins and four losses and another three wins and two losses. Pick your first division from this. ► How Will They Finish? If we were to pick the five teams we think will end up in the fivst division, they would be, not necessarily in this order, Minnesota, PuTdne, Illinois, Indiana and Iowa. Leave out Wisconsin and Northwestern?
Sui-e enough.
It looks like ourselves, and all the rest of the would-be pi’ognosticatofs who a few weeks ago wrote that the winner this year would lose:|*t least two and probably three games may have to eat our words, though there are still several opportunities for Illinois to drop so^^ie games, it now looks rather clear that they probably won’t lose o^t one. It’s amazing how such an unexperienced team, with four sophpmore regulars, can hold up under the heat of the battle, but they seem to gain more poise and composure at each game. It appears right now that the first place position, will not be av^able to any but the top three teams now, Illinois, Minnesota, and Pur^e, as all of the teams except these have already lost three games. ► Defensive Profrcieney At this stage in the campaign there is one point that is very obviq^ —and that is the great supeiiority of the Boilermaker defense. In fi^e confeience battles the Boilermakers have allowed their opponents ^n aveiage of only 31 points per game. The only other team in the confeience to have a defensive average of less than 40 points per game is Illinois with something less than 38. Of course the Purdue average ^is greatly loweied by the 18 and 19 points allow'ed Michigan and Chicago
respectively.
^ Hoosiers Don't Like Michigan It looks like the two Indiana teams don’t like Michigan so well ttria year. The Boilei makers heked them 36-18 and then Monday night fcdiana put the bee on them 64r36, their twq, worst lickings of the year. Boilermaker Mktmen Meet Findlay In Season's Opener
The Boilermaker wiestlmg team, after winning the Midwest A. A. U. title for the second straight year, will open its schedule against Findlay College Saturday afternoon at 2:30 in the Fieldhouse. Findlay is coached by Lee Graves, former Puidue gild'and wrestling star.
Pour Titleholders
Capt. Fredericks, MacDonald, Claseman and Rossi hold A. A. U. titles from the December meet m Chicago. The meet was open to the Midwestern Colleges and tinattached wrestlers. The Boilermaker squad gaiped its second straight title by taking the individual honors in the 121, 128, and heavyweight
classes,.
Soph Shows Promise MacDonald is a very promising sophomore and is scheduled to handle the 121 pound division. Capt. Fredericks is the best in the 128 pound class and is expected to repeat his perfoimanee of the A. A, U. meet against the Findlay crew. “Red”^ Claseman and Rossi, the football star, are the other A. A. U. title holders. “Red” Claseman, winner of the Midwest A. A. U 165 pound title.
IM Schedules
BASKETBALL
Wednesday, January 28
Court 4
7:00 Short Course 1 vs Short
Course 5
7:16 Short Course 2 vs Short
Coarse 6
8:00 Short Course 3 vs Short
Com’se 4
8:15 Ward 8 vs Ward 24 Practice
Barnard
has been .trained down into the division, while the 165 pound class has been taken over by Velmer Da-
vis.
Riveters Balanced Marko Matovina, sophomore from Chicago, will wrestle in the 136 pound match. With Bob B^tt handling the 146 pound class and Warren Eviston in the 175 pound division, the Boilermakers have a well-balanced squad. , The Boilermakers will face 4Jie Ohio State team Saturday, February 6 here in the Fieldhouse.
GREETING CARDS FOR ALL OCCASIONS University Book Store Across From Union d” Sammons '29 “Doc** tipple *40
ENRICHED BREAD FOR BETTER NUTRITION TRY OURS ^ GRAVES Quality BAKERY
Be SAVETime, Expense and your Mother's Strength SENDyour Laundry to us Bachelor Service ... 51 lbs.—$1.45 | 10% Discount on Laundry Leit at West Side Office. DIAL 7278IP
-fUt Vit^*,
i (th^
/^¥’i
PuYdue Pxpdt^e^t
>»V «>»V {■ ^ .{ *
H'
Sit**'-
Wednesday, January 28, 1942
iito Witness Sound ilm^n Co|>per Tonight
film, "Coppei ^roni ^ne l?o Maiket,” will be shown at te fii^t 1942 meeting of the AIEE 71S9 tonight in room 264 of the lectdcal Engineei mg Building ijfe l|Im, furnished bv couitesv of Anaconda Coppei Coinpanj, ills with the various stages in pioduction of coppei ai tides, ohi hiine to maiket • All^E students and an\ othei in ^rested persons may attend the 'Reefing Refreshments aie to be ^ved alw pr, E. N. Woodbury Td Accept New Post Dr. E N Woodbuij, who foi the past two years has earned a fcl low'ship, will be vacating his post in the entomology depaitnient Feb 1 to continue his woik at Penns\l vania State College, State College
Pa
Dr Woodbuiy has been canving on neseaich investigations of oigan 1C insecticides foi the Ciop Piottc tive> Institute He will continue fungicidal and insecticidal studies HI we field at his new post in co •Opejation with Caibide and Caibon Company g w s
G. f. Will Interview Student Engineers For Defense Work Piom PebiuaiA 2 4 lepiesentatiyes from the Foit Wayne Geneial Electiic plant will visit the Univei4iU foi the pin pose of inteiyiew-
ing student engineeis
Geneial Electiic is planning a biief two month couise foi senior cngineei S ti aining them foi special woik with the company The couise will include methods and planning, factoiv lajout tool design factoiy tngmeeiing, late and time study
and piocess engineeiing
Notices
ASME Officials Will MeeVi Plan Membership Drive ASME officers, executive cottii*'' mittee and anyone else interested
will have a special business meet- Exponent rrosh staff Colnpletc listlnB , , „ of freshman tditoiial staff assignments is mg tomoriow at 7 30 P m to plan as follows. Monday- Vermillion Dvorak n ^pi 1A15 nf <itiiflpnt m run mvin nnH Kicks Huston Duesterberpr W^ells Zeff a senes Ol stuaent piogiams ana TueSdfiv- Marion Frohman Martindell a membeiship dllVe foi the second Senour Christman Goode Wcelnesdny— , . , j ,, j! 1 Marlin Sehncidei MaeWtrter Guernsey semestei A social meeting will lol- Layton Thursday—Byers WarinK Rich low the business meeting Fo.tier Thompson F.idav-Black
Prof. H. A. Bolz, faculty adviser, said yesterday afternoon that all seniois who plan to join should do so befoie the membeiship dead line March 9 All members
burn Scalzo Shapiro Soloway Skillman Saturday—Byers Vegh Tyson Tierney Mitchell Rassman Please report on night assigned —RUFFNER
Cliemidtry Major Seniors Those desirious of getting a job should report at ray ofQf fice room 422 Chemistry building and " advise me of their tiaining desires as to
ASME may become national junior employment and information helpful in membeis upon giaduation Without ^ number of assistantships are available paying the ten dollai fee othei wise for the coming school year m the depart
ment of chemistry Those students inter-
1 equired m 1 l ested should report to my office at once
—DEGERING
Classified Ads
Typewriters—Adding Machines all makes sold rented repaired and purchased Mimeograph woik done C J EbtrshofF 606 Main,
Lafayette Phone 2i79
lor Sale 1930 Model A Ford in the best A 1 CO idition Phine 1G803 I st Llt.in wi ist \ alch I plated \Mtl Icalhei trap Rcwaid Phone 1061
Rcbert Piiibtuker Kuy striped Parker
I ost lit Fiid 1 cn CiU Porter 0^
For Sale 1930 Model A Ford in the best A 1 condition Phone 46803
L M. Sears To Speak Friday In Music Hall Infoimation about the entiance of the United States into the piesent wai and what it may involve will be discussed at the fiist of the AWS defense lectuies to be given Fi iday at 4 p m m the Music Hall Pi of L M Seals, of the history, economics and government department, will be the speakei at the fiist of the weekly senes sponsoied by the AWS and the Student Wai Council m 11
Biology Students Makeup exam^ in Bi ology 1 will he held Feb 7 at 1 p m —ENDERS
Senior Coeds For information regarding the Civil Service examination for positions as junior technologists call at the Place ment Service for Women Phone number 296B —SMITH All Electrical and AIEE Members So cial meeting on Wednesday Jan 28 at 7 30 p m in loom 2B4 of the Electrical Engineering Building Sound film Cop per From Mine to Maiket will be shown Plenty of refreshments ■—KING M C Make up Exams Examination f i removal of C grades m mechanism ME 11 will be given Saturday Feb " at 1 p m in room 301 Mechanical Engineering Build mg A HALL Student Senate Special meeting at 7 40 p m Thursday Jan 29 in the Senate office —^DIBOS
AIChE Student meeting Wednesday Tan 28 in room 302 Chem and Met building —KRAYBIl L All Male Students Aviation Cadet Ex amining BoariJ No 1 will meet in the base ment of the Executive building for the pui pose of interviewing and examining appli cants for Aviation Cadet Training from Jan 27 to Feb 3 inclusive For full infor mation regarding Aviation Cadet Training and application blanks apply at the Ad jutants office, Armor- —GRAHAM Freshman Coed Exponent Business Staff Schedule is as follows Monday Riggs Krohn Tuesday Kat^ Ntgcr J McCuI lough Wednesday Cohen Job Ihursday Study Belts 1 liday Levin Gumpper M McCullough —SIESS Code Instruction (Male Students) Revised code instruction class rolls aie posted on the main bulletin board of the Armory It the first classes were missed the attend ance can still be made up —Lt BURKHART AH Newly Entering Male Freshmen If you are not now enrolled in Militaiy Tram mg and have any desire to take Advanced Tiammg you should enroll m Basic Mill taiy Training immediately GRAHAM— Math Make up Exams Examinations fo remove grade C m Math will be given on Saturday Feb 7 at 1 p m m Recitation Building Permits to take this examination must be obtained no latei than Saturday Jan 31 —W L AYRES Silver Mask All members planning to attend banquet Jan 28 make reservations with me —TOWER Military Seniors All military seniois who have volunteered to participate m the Navy Rally Januaiy 28 please report to First Lt B F Johnson at J 30 p m January 28 at the North door of the Armoiy m uni form —HICKS Hoof and Horn Impoitant shoit biisi ness meeting Wednesday Jan 28 at 7 10 pm m room 3B6 of the Union All mcm hers urged to attend —DUFIY Purdue Riding Club There will be a meeting of club members and all othei stu dents who are interested m riding on Wed nesday Jan 28 in icom 204 of the Union Plans foi reoiganization will be discussed
—TIRPAK
lunior Pron Dance Committee PiclUrr will be taken at 4 IB p m on Wednesday Tan 28 in room 00 of the Union Suits will be worn —BAIL PIA Executive Board Meet Wednesday Jan 2H at; 4 p m m PIA t ffice foi Debris pictuie — 1 I DI R Kappa Psi Important muting of all ac ti^e nu(tni>er m ri om 301 of the Union on
Wednesday Jan 28 at 7 30 p m
-SCOTT
Pan Hellenic Ball Committee Future will
be taken at I 10 i m on Wednesday Jan _ 28 in room 60 if the Unnn BALT present'at B p
ME 64 Last call for all those who have finished pump projects to collect them at room 103 in the ME building _
—AULT
Surveying Exam An examination for the umoval of C or I glades in Surveying ( will be held in Room 101 CE Building Saturday Jan 11 at 1 00 p m Permits must be obtained before Friday noon
—LOMMEL
Silver Mask Initiation promptly at B IB I m Wednesday Jan 28 in foom 3BB of the Union AH members and pledges bViii^K Sam Ilrowm belt and sabre .chain_ Be
if In
-TOWER
Fraternity Presidents Ball Committee Picture will be taken at 4 1j pm Wed nesdaj Jan 28 m loom 60 of tho Union Suits will be we rn—not foimal —BALL Sophomore Cotillion Committee Picture will be taken it r i. m Wednesday Jan 28 in loom GO of Union N t form il -BALL
Gold Peppeis I her Ihuisday Jin 29
vill bf 1 meetinj, bCARFF
Purdue Gymnastics Club A meeting < f the entire membership will t k place Fii day Jan 30 at 1pm in leom 101 if the Fieldhousfc j;ymn isiuni Seeoi d semester plans will be discussed POZFR Newman Club Discussion m etinir m room 212 of Union it 8 p m Wediuslij Jan 28 - RUNNION Reliirious Council RLt,ulai meeting in Council ofliee loom ‘'8 of Union at 30 pm Wednesd ly Jan 28 —HAMII TON Modern Dance No practice Tuesday Jai 2 Vciy important piactice Fridiy Jan 30 at 1 p m Selection for dance perform ance will be made at this time
—SERB\N
PIA Workers Meet in s( uth bnllreom Thursday Jan 2) it 10 i m f n Debris picture ELDLR AWS Executive Board Meelini, Wtdnt day Jan 28 at 50 p m in th AWS of fice Please be theie MeCULLOCH WAA Don t forKcl turn] In „ p nctie s onluesday Jin ’7 nid Thui d i\ Jin 9 at 4 p m C me out inel til puil in the Penny Cai mv il —BAUGHMAN
Sigma Delta Psi Mioting for those who have passed seven or more tests in room 30B of the Union at 7 IB p m Thursday Jan 19 —HANSEN Hoof nnd Horn Important short business meeting Wednoijday Jan 28 at 7 80 p m in room IBB of the Union AH mem her are urged to attend —DUFFEY breshmen Squash Rackets Meeting Wednesday Jan 28 at 7 p m in room 101 of the I leldhouse Come ready to play
—KNOLL
Student Art Guild Meeting Thursday Jan 20 at 4 30 p m in room 261 of the Union —PARKS Alpha /eta Meeting Wednesday Jan 28 at 30 p m in room 307 of the Um n Bring your dues
—SWAIM
Wesley Players Open meeting Thursday J in 29 at 7 30 p m at the Wesley 11 ndation -—DE YOUNG Interfraternity President's Council Meeting ihiuselay Jan 29 at 6 p m at the SAL house for dinner —MAYFIELD Student Senate Senior board meeting at to 1 m rhuisday Jan 29 in the Senate olliee —DIBOS Skull and Crescent Veiy important shut meetine Thursday Jan 29 at 7 30 p m —MENKE Batferv A 1 Freshmen There will be no hi kctball piaeticc due to the lack of court Sp lei Bo sure to be at the Fieltlhouse Thuislay Jan 2) at i p m for game with H 1 —ARKIN
WEST DESK OF UNION
• the Puidue Exponent Ldtdvettt, Ind 191
Dclivtt to
Paid the sum ol lot ANNUAL subset iptions Paid Bdl Pci
tents
• the Pui due 1 xponent Ldfajette Ind 191 Ileteived ot the sum ol tents lot Annual sul)stiJ])tions Pi tee Paid Bil Pet
EXPONENT OFFICE
Sub-Basement
d\
11
..r SI * IH ir