I / ^ ?K -i $|ipf ' ^f.p', ^ ^
♦ I<
This Newspaper Is Published Each Morning But Monday By Students Of Purdue University
Purdue Exponent
WEDNESDAY September 28, 1828 Lafayette, hidlaita
Vol. 50
No, 13
Three Professors To Lead Discussion About 'The Crisis In Central Europf “Will there be a war?" “If there is, cin we keep out of it?" and “In the event of another international conflict, what will be the status of the Purdue student?" These and other live-' wire current questions will come out of the first of a series of panel discussions to be held in the faculty lounge at 7:30 to-
— morrow night.
“The Crisis in Central Europe” is tomorrow’s question. Charlie Murphy, Frank Hall, and J. W. Hobinson of the history and economics department will lead this first discussion. After informal comment by the trio, the meeting will be thrown open to the audience. The timeliness of the subject has added considerably to the interest shown. Sponsored by Tau Kappa Alpha, campus forensics honorary, this forum will be followed by others at intervals of about two weeks. The time, place, and subject of the next meeting will be announced following the meeting, said R. A. Buckles, Tau Kappa Alpha president. Student leaders will take direct charge of the discussions when the for-
ums get well under way.
The debating squad and other campus groups have enlisted in support of the new activity. The Student Union is cooperating in publicizing the discussions.
Murphy Tells Co-eds How To Gain Full Enjoyment Of Life “Moderation, balance, and tolerance, ideals held up by the Greeks in their great civilization, are still most desirable today for the full enjoyment of life,” stated Prof. Charles B. Murphy, guest speaker at the annual Triad banquet held last night at 6 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. About 60 members of the boards of WSGA, WAA, and YWCA, were present at the banquet. Faculty members introduced by Louise Daniels, WAA social chairman, included Dean of Women Dorothy Stratton, Helen Coolidge, and Miss Ray Fraser, who has come from the University of Chicago to act as WAA advisor. * Betty Klein, Mary Alice Learning, and Kathryn Merritt, presidents of YWCA, WSGA, and WAA were then introduced and gave short talks on the aims of their organizations. Following his formal address Professor Murphy was then induced to express his informal opinion on the contemporary European situa-
tion.
Upperclassmen Plan Reception Tomorrow For New Ag Students Plans are well under way for the annual reception for agriculture freshmen, scheduled for 7:15 tomorrow evening. The affair, sponsored by upperclassmen for the benefit of new men, will be held in the Livestock Judging Pavilion. Arranged in order that freshmen may become acquainted with staff members and agricidtural clubs and societies, the reception is open to all freshmen and transfer students. Upperclassmen from Alpha Zeta, agricultural scholastic honorary, and Ceres, agronomy honorary, will be on hand. Also, upperclassmen members of the various ag clubs will bring explanations of their organizations to those in attendance. Heads of the various departments will introduce their staffs, and refreshments will be served.
THE WEATHER
Forecast for Indiana: Warmer in northern portion today. Tomorrow generally fair.
Union Arranges Series Of Music Room Programs An extensive campaign is being carried on by the Student Union to make the facilities offered by the music room more attractive to the student body as a whole. A series of Sunday programs are being planned. The first of this series will be held under the auspices of the Glee Club in the Union ballrooip at 4:00 p. m. Sunday, October 2. In addition to the Sunday programs, recorded programs at regular hours for those persons whose knowledge of music is limited. Preconvocation programs are also being arranged so that the students may enjoy the convocations more. All persons who are interested in music room activities are requested to leave their name and address at the west desk of the Union. ASCE Will View Talkies Of German Highways Talking motion pictures, with an English dialogue, of Germany’s su-per-highway system will be shown at the year’s first meeting of the American Society of Civil Engineers tonight. The meeting will be held at 7:30 p. m. in room 201 of the Civil Engineering Building. T. Roesch, structural engineer of the state highway department, will exhibit the films. He was in Germany this summer and brought the films to America on his return. Society officials invite all civil engineers to attend the meeting. Refreshments will be served.
Stamps Line Ballroom Walls As Philatelists Convene Here
Stamps . . . hundreds of them, sheets of German inflation issues, regular issues, commemoratives, und first day covers lined the walls and covered tables spread about in the Union ballroom as the Midwest Federation of Stamp Clubs opened the doors on its annual exhibit and conference here yesterday. Ranging from the first stamp ever issued, the British “Black Penny” of 1840, to the very newest of the presidential set, the 13 center, bearing the picture of President Filmore, the exhibit contains many rare and interesting specimens. The collection is insured for $6,000, the most expensive individual stamp being valued at $600. It was printed in 1861 by Tuscany, a former grand duehy in Europe oeeupylng
what is now the northern portion of Italy. Other interesting stamps included a “crash cover,” which is an airmail letter that has been damaged by a crackup, a block of Edison commemoratives autographed by Edison, and what is supposedly the smallest stamp ever printed, issued by Mecklenburg Schwerin, an early German state. Although the monetary value of the stamps is set at only $6,000, their intrinsic worth should be much higher because of their tie-up with historical events and occasions of general interest. The exhibit was described over WBAA at 3:30 p. m. yesterday and another broadcast has been sched-^ uled for today at the same time. The doors will be open from 9 a.m. to 11 p.m. toduy.
Union Executives Will Tell Plenty At Charm School Although at the present time Sully Mason refuses to talk and Ted Cabonargi cannot be found for an interview, the two senior Union executives will tell plenty tomorrow afternoon at four o’clock in the women’s lounge of the Union Building. The gala occasion is the first meeting of the Charm School sponsored jointly by committees from WSGA and YWCA. The committees are working under the direction of Treva Berry and Catherine Cooley. Ideas on the ideal co-ed will be the topic for discussion at this meeting which is the first of a series to be held once a month. Although this is the first Charm School on the campus, the plan is followed annually in many eastern colleges. Girls who are planning on going through rush are asked to stay after 4:45 at which time Miss Coolidge and Jean Stolz, president of PanHellenic, will instruct the rushees concerning appropriate clothes and manners for the rush parties.
Playshop Tryouts To Be Held Tonight For 'Room Service' Presenting “Room Service” by Murray and Boretz, Playshop will open its dramatic season on the Fowler Hall stage this year on October 26 and after a run of four days will close on October 29. “Room Service” will be under the supervision of H. Kenn Carmichael, director, Gilbert Williams, and John Dietrich. The cast includes 12 men and two women and according to Williams the ratio of six to one makes it an ideal Purdue show. Tryouts for the play are to be held tonight at 7:30 in Fowler Hall and the production staff urges all students who are interested to turn out. Season tickets have been on sale for some time and the present vol ume of sales seems to indicate a full house for opening night.
WASHINGTON—The President of the United States tonight again called upon/ Adolf Hitler to resort to negotiations to avert war. “In my considered judgment.” the president said ifi ,a new appeal to Der Fuehrer, “and in the light of the experience of this century, continued negotiations remain the only way by which the immediate problem can be disposed of upon a lasting basis.” WARSAW—Czechoslovakia acceded, at least in part to Poland’s demands for return of the Teschen area to Poland. After many days of sporadic fighting the Czechs have agreed to abide by the boundaries to be fixed by a commission without the formality of a plebiscite. LONDON—British newspaper reports from Budapest today said that Hungary has ordered full mobilization. OTTAWA, Canada—The Canad-' ian government announced tonight that it is in complete accord with statements issued by Prime Minister Chamberlain, and will back England with its full support in any move she makes.
Farm Management Students To Picnic Touchball, softball, eats, and entertainment are on the bill of fare for the farm management picnic to be held after school Friday in the Dean’s cow pasture, west of the University livestock barns. An annual outing, the picnic will bring together students and staff members with a special invitation being extended to freshmen interested in the farm management and rural economics options. After an appetite is worked up on the sports program, dinner will be served around a campfire. Singing and the introduction of staff members will follow. The picnic will break up early, in time to get back to an evening’s study. Tickets priced at 20 cents may be purchased from Willard Lambert, John De La Croix, Max Skinner, Don Paarlberg, or from the farm management office. Religious Councii To Begin Reguiar Meetings Tonight Beginning its weekly evening Bible class meetings which last for six sessions, the Purdue Religious Council will meet tonight at 7 p. m. in the Wesley Foundation. Reverend McFaddeh will lead this first series of classes on “The History and Message of the Old Testament.” No credit is allowed by the University nor is any tuition being charged, but all students are invited to attend.
Betty Jakes Chosen Head WSGA House Presidents' Council Betty Lou Jakes was cl^en president of the House President's Council at the organization meeting held yesterday afternoon in the WSGA office. About thirty representatives from rooming houses composed of six or more girls were present at the meeting. Miss Claire Coolidge spoke to the house representatives concerning their responsibilities in making their groups feel a part of the WSGA activities. The council decided to hold weekly meetings every Tuesday throughout the year to discuss special problems connected with co-ed rooming houses. At next week’s meeting the subject of leadership will be discussed. Guest speakers will be the feature at some of the future meetings. Other officers for the group will be elected at next Tuesday’s meeting. Union Requests Room Space Bids . Organizations desiring room space in the Memorial Union .for special meetings and banquets should send a written request to the Student Union office, before Saturday. These requests should cover the entire gsbool year. Thd accepted dates will be published in the EXPONENT in the near future, Vice-President V. Hruby stated last nigift.
Formal Rushing Period Starts Saturday Afternoon Registration for co-eds who plan to go through rush will be held Friday between 10 a. m. and 2 p. m. at the Pan Hellenic desk in the lobby of the Union building. All girls who sign up must pay a two dollar rush fee. An additional fee of fifty cents will be charged for late registration. The formal rushing period will •
Coe To Swing For Graduate Students At Reception, Dance
LONDON—Great Britain mobilized her fighting fleet, the mightiest navy in the world, and sent a ringing warning around the world that she is ready to fight if Adolf Hitler tries to dominate the world by his threats of force. ROME—Sources usually well informed said today that Italy had begun calling to service ten classes of reserves preparatory to general mobilization. Premier Mussolini was reported to have abandoned all hope that a general war in Europe may be held up and that he expects war to come within three days at the most. BERLIN—It was reliably reported today that Adolf Hitler has decided to order his armies into Czechoslovakia immediately if there is no prospect of peace in the crisis by 7 a. m. Chicago Time. PARIS—France prepared today for a complete mobilization after Premier Daladier had as a last resort asked President Roosevelt to offer his services as a mediator in the German-Czech crisis.
open Saturday at 2:16 p. m. with a meeting of all rushees and rush captains of the seven sororities in the women’s lounge of the Union. The Pan Hellenic rush rules will be explained at this time. Each of the campus sororities will hold an informal open house from 3 to 6 o’clock on Saturday afternoon. Rushees are invited to visit each of the houses. On Sunday, there will be no rushing. However, each of the Greek groups will give informal rush dinners on Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday nights of next week. Preference dinners will be given on Thursday night. Invitations to preference dinners may be secured from the Pan-Hel-lenic desk on Thursday morning. The attendance at a preference dinner denotes that a girl is seriously considerifig pledging the sorority whose dinner she attends. After preference dinner the rushees return to the Union where they sign their first, second, and third choices for pledging. The sororities send in their preferred list of rushees, and the two lists are matched by the Pan-Hellenic lawyer. Rush is under the supervision of the Pan-Hellenic Council made up of representatives from each of the seven Greek-letter sororities. Jean Stolz is this year’s president of PanHellenic.
/
CouiEniftee Named For Military Ball Colonel Donald M. Beere, Professor of Military Science and Tactics at the University, announced the members of the 1938 Military Ball committee yesterday. The Ball committee members are: Cadet Colonels, J. M. Rudolph, R. R. Hannas, and L. L. Treece; Cadet Lieutenant Colonels R. L. Forkner, and R. O. Dirmeyer; Cadet Captains M. E. Flater,, R. E. Heine, and J. E. Kessel; Cadet First Lieutenants D. R. Vance and W. H. Smith; and Cadet Second lieutenants D. Butterfield, B. H. Burns, C. E. Bowman, and F. H. Hurst. Freshman Exponent Prospects Will Meet in Union Tomorrow Tomorrow night the second of three meetings for freshmen interested in the business staff of the Exponent will be held in the tower room at 7:15. The meeting will be conducted by members of the business qtaff. Short talks by D. J? Henninger and E. M. Haggemeyer on the coed’s place on the business staff will be the highlights of the evening. Tomorrow night the freshmen will be asked to indicate which department of the business staff they desire to join. After this they will receive a two weeks’ training course, following which they will start to woi'k on the paper. Seventy-six freshmen turned out to the first meeting last Sunday afternoon. G. W. Brquer, of the personnel staff, m-ges all who are interested to turn out, as this will be the most important meeting of the
Dr. H. H. Remmers Yesterday Dr. H. H. Remmers, director of the Division of Educational Reference, attended a meeting of the Advisory Committee making a nation-wide study of CCC camp enrolees at Columbus, Ohio. The American Yotith Commission is conducting the study under the auspices of the American Council of Education.
Presenting an opportunity for graduate students to renew old friendships and make new acquaintances, an informal reception and dance will be held for them on Friday evening, September 30, in the Union ballroom. Dean and Mrs. R. Dukes, and the deans of all the schools, and graduate council members will be special guests of the evening in this the first social event on the Graduate Club calendar, and all graduate students and their wives are invited. Chuck Coe and his Purduvians, a nine-piece orchestra, will make their first appearance on the campus at the dance. Coe’s band is the same organization that was the official ship orchestra on such liners as the S. S. He de France and S. S. Acquitania, playing between the United States and Europe, last summer. Coe’s vocalist, Nona Reedy, sings the theme of most numbers. Miss Reedy has made numerous appearances on radiq programs broadcast from Detroit, Mich. Dancing and cards will be the order of the evening after the reception, and refreshments will be served by the committee in charge. Although the committee in charge announced that stags would be admitted, it is hoped that most graduates will bring dates. This is the first dance of this nature ever to be given at the University and is made possible by the Purdue Memorial Union. Admission is free to all graduates and is not open to outsiders. Purdue Forestry Club To Sponsor Steak Fry Charging 15 cents for members and 25 cents for non-members, the Purdue Forestry Club will sponsor its annual steak fry and camp fire at Cary Camp on next Tuesday, October 4. Buses will leave the Horticulture Building at 4:30 and 5:30 p. m. on Tuesday, providing transportation for all those who wish to go. The program for the evening will be in charge of Benny Burns. Tickets may be had by calling John Nichols at 54111, but to get the reduced price members must present their membership cards to the membership committee for consideration before Tuesday. Reamers Will Award Independent Trophy The Reamers Club announced yesterday that they will award a trophy for the independent men participating in athletics for 1938-39. The trophy will be awarded on the basis of the following points: 6 points for each varsity letter, 2 points for each intramural championship, 1 point for each intramural runner-up, and 1 point for participation in any intramural sport Exponent Directors Confer Tomorrow Bbeponent’s Board of Directors* which includes all elected members of the staff, will meet tomomne aftemoott at 4:15 o’clock: in the coii« ference room of the A|{!ricultttral Experiment Station.-{ k il
'•f. %:
£dib)hud
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
^staJUmsA
Wednesday, September 28, 1938
Publicity News...
. . . stories which form a sizeable part of Exponent’s daily copy quota presents a trying probleih both to the persons or organizations concerned and to the Exponent staff. Already this year two major stories have been inadvertently omitted from the paper to the serious embarrassment of two campus activity groups. We’re sorry those incidents happened, and we’d like to do something to correct the conditions that allowed them to occur. It is one of the paper’s most important duties to inform its student readers of meetings, plans, and special functions of all campus organizations .. . when these are of sufficient news value and importance to merit space. We intend to perform this duty as best we can, an^ we wish to iron out the tanks that develop in the process of converting news material
into t3Tpe.
Our staff must work on a nightly schedule, requiring that a steady stream of copy be sent to the linotypes beginning at 5 p. m. To satisfy these demands sometimes undeserving material i^ set into type because the more valuable publicity material is submitted too late. To insure publication the material should be placed in ’the Exponent box at the west Union desk before 6 p. m. Submitting publicity by word of mouth is another cause of trouble. Material phoned in to the Union office (room D) is usually safe. Stories explained to staff members actually working in the office are usually given good consideration. But publicity given to Exponent workers while in class or off duty is very likely never to reach the office. The safest way to submit such material is to jot down the facts on paper, including names and phone numbers of at least two persons who can be contacted for additional information, and then deposit the notation in the Exponent box at the Union desk. In these ways persons wanting legitimate publicity can cooperate with the paper and improve their chances. We intend to do our part by standardizing our office routine in
the Purdue Exponent
REPRESENTED POR NATIONAL AOVERTISIND BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers RepresesstaSive AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAGO ■ BOSTOH ' LOS ANGILES - SAR FRANCISCO Entered as second class matter at the post office in Liafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $3.60. Editor-In-Chief H. I. Stanback Business Manager B. R. Hensler PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor L. S. Hardin City Editor. . . ._ D. A. BaUey Associate Editors . G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C. Woodson BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager M. C, Reeves Local Advertising Manager — H. M. Antonini Circulation Manager — W. F. Berg Sales Manager. .V. Daugherjy National Advertising Manager_ — H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager — W. E. Smith Art Director...- —D. J, Henninger CO-ED STAFF Rditor - Sally McKee Associate Editors — — Joy Johnson, Georgann Schilling, Betty Wickard
SPORTS STAFF
Editor. — Associate Editors..
R. L. McDonald ..J. A. Hebbeler,
R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exjionent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 812 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana
Phone 6038
This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the offeial University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editor-in-chief.
Night Editor—Kroeplin Issue Editor Wednesday, September 28, 1938
De Hoog
■ T such a manner as to give all material space according to logical methods of news evaluation.
WB A A Programs
11:
11
12; 12: 12:
12
1
—Today— 00—Prof. Robert Phillips, American Institutions. 50—Purdue News Flashes. 00—Farm Facts for Farm Folks. 15—Sports Review by Dick
Shively,
30—Luncheon Dance Time. :45—Wanita Wilson, soprano. lOO—Meditations, Rev. J. M. Ghy-
sels.
:15—The Monitor Views the News. ;30—Geography in the News. :45—Market Reports. :00—America’s Hours of Destiny. :45—Edward Foley, pianist. :00—Famous Homes of Famous Americans. :30—Keeping ahead of the Joneses. ;00—Contract Bridge Chats by Julius Born. :15—Dick Curtner, pianist. :30—Melody Moods. :45—Story Book Hour.
1:30—Prof. Frank Hall, Footnotes ’ on the Headlines. 1:45—Market Reports. 2:00—The Apothecary. 2:15—Edith Hines, popular songs. 2:30—You and Your Child. 2:45—Treasure Chest. 3:00—Men of Vision. 3:15—Afternoon Musicale. 3:45—Morey J. Doyle, pianist. 4:00—The Magic Carpet. 4:15—Melody Moods. 4:30—Stamp Club. 4:45—Story Book Hour.
The queen situation became so complicated at Kent State College that the student council took matters in hand and abolished three queens. Henceforth the only legal titles are of Homecoming Queen, Queen of the May, and Miss Kent State.
ARC
LAST TIMES TODAY
—Tomorrow— 11:00—PTA Program. 11 ;15—Charlotte Friend Stewart, soprano. 11:30—Tippecanoe County Federated Clubs. 11:50—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Russ Mock, pianist. 12:15—Civic Chats. 12:30—Luncheon Dance Time. 1:00—‘T Want a Job.” 1:15—Melody Moments.
REPUBUC PICTURE — Also -— “FLASH GORDON’S TRIP TO MARS”
Thurs. -F ri. -Sat. Saturday’s Heroes Rip Roarin’ Bnckaroo Zorro Rides Again
OPENING RECITAL and DANCING PARTY Wed., Sept. 28, 7:00 P. M. ADULT TAP CLASSES OPEN Advanced, Friday, Sept. 30th Beginners, Monday, Oct. 3rd 6:30 p. m. CHILDREN’S CLASSES Ballet — Tap — Ballroom OPEN SATURDAY, OCT. 1ST ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Tailor
• Jewelers
soarrendahl — tailor For Latest Student Styles 4th and Ferry Phone 6030
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
• Florists
• Bookstores
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flowers Main at 7th Phone 6050
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
-—LAST DAY— THE JONES FAMILY
“A Trip to Paris” — and — VICTOR McLAGLEN in ‘Battle of Broadway”
Tomorrow - Fri. - Sat. SMITH BELLEW in “Panamints Bad Man” — Plus CHARLES QUIGLEY in “Convicted”
LffillliEIB
LAST DAY-
-K The picture of her dazzling career!
HENIE •GREENE
Tomorrow - Fri. - Sat. JOE E. BROWN “The Gladiatpr”
In response to millions of requests dear readers, we return once more to our much neglected job of writing stuff for this column. So here we go again. Watch for us, because we’ll be looking for you! We do intend to print such interesting pin mergers as that of WINNIE GREGORY and her Phi Delt CARL SWAN. This happened Sunday, we hear. MYRA McKEE snatched a pin in the Sweet Shop Monday afternoon. Her love is SAE JIM OGDEN. And such a romantic spot for pin pushing! However, when it comes to pin stories like that of MARSHALL RICHARDS, we quit. He has been dating a girl at home for almost three years. His Alpha Chi Rho pin now rests on the fair (?) maiden’s picture in his room. He hopes to give the pin to the gal by Christmas. But until then—a photo will have to do. And what about the nasty news the Kappas, Thetas, and Pi Phis are accused of telling about the Phi Mus. After all, girls, you can’t go around expressing personal opin-
The eds of Indiana must have held their Charm School already this year according to advice offered in their columns. It goes: “If you want to win your baby Listen, fella, treat her rough. Never take her “No" or “Maybe” They are just a lot of stuff. If she dodges all your passes If she seems a trifle shy Get her to remove her glasses; Firmly paste her in the eye.” Is this what Mason and Cabonargi have in mind ?
iTwn NOW SHOWING The show that tops the highs of all their previous hits!
A fiSW MtT TttHit
M'G VfE' QUIZ $2Sff,OGO.OO GO ST Pic T UtfiS
TOMORROW-FRI.
J/UL
GRIN AMJ BEAR IT
By Lidity
‘Before we start, I’d like to know who’s going to drive—you or your mother?”
JACK CASSELL swiped and is wearing a YW gold and black membership card saying “I have joined the YWCA. Have you?” Did you know it was the Christian association, Jack, or did the sales gals turn on the personality? And now comes a contribution about those publicity lovers, the SPE’s. One of the boys ame a bit confused in his work Saturday while assisting the sports announcer in broadcasting the Detroit game. When BROWN made his sensational run, the cub announcer cried “J— C—! It’s a touchdown!”
A member of the University of Delaware’s physical education staff claims to be the first college instructor to live in a trailer.
Princeton University students are about equally divided on whether the United States should “keep hands off” or use an economic boycott in determining its attitude towards the trouble between Japan and China.
The state of Pennsylvania is looking for college men to fill some of the 500 vacancies in the motor police force.
CONVENIENT FOR YOU THE Union Barber Shop
Here you can get all types of barber work, at your convenience, by expert barbers, in clean surroundings, with modern equipment. Plenty of chairs and barbers insure quick service.
On The Ground Floor
in
JhsL fiwvdusL ^yyisufrufacdL lAidofL The Corner of the Campus — Yet the Center of ActivitiesWednesday, September 28, 1938
THE PUBDTIE
SfifChJtA.
EXPONENT
Aslder’t.#*, ^ ....choles
By Bruce Witwer Due to recent uprisings among the Navajos and Apaches and the massacre of a number of pony express riders, news from track Coach Phillips oh his new pet ... a cross country course through Happy Hollow . . . has been very meager. —^fc— The other day, however, full details came floating down the Wabash in a bottle . . .'All summer Phillips, Art Bodeau, Knapp, Bell, and other cross-country stalwarts laid out a course through the well known hills to the East to make what Phillips claims is the toughest course in the country. —^fc— If any visiting team can be discouraged at all ... a walk around the lay out will accomplish it . . . The trail goes up and down all of the hills of any note in the hollow, across creeks, and what have you .. —^fc— All of this planning is in retali-
ation for last year’s meet with Pittsburgh when Purdue was taken over the mountains in the course of their meet there . . . This year Phil plans to run Pitt, Butler, and Indiana on the new course ... all of the other home meets will be held on the old one. —fc— In a recent letter to the Pittsburgh coach, Phil told him to bring along some extension ladders to get up the hills and also mentioned that there might be half mile swim thrown into the course just for good measure . . . whereupon the Pitt coach replied that he was bringing the swimming team along and that his track team had plenty of swimming experience from working out during the flood two years ago. —^fc— For the benefit of those persons who go to Happy Hollow for other diversions than cross-country . . . such as nature lovers or the like ... it is planned to publish a map of the finished course to all interested parties ... Of course these individuals will have to keep a look out for trackmen who stray from the beaten path, but after all... the thrill of surprise and all that . . .
HAYS JEWELRY CO. East Side of Square SHEAFFER, PARKER PENS AND PENCILS
Inter-Fraternify Golf Tournament To Start Today With Team Play Golfing season will start this year with the annual Inter-Fraternity Golf Tournament to be hfeld today and tomorrow at the Public Golf Course. As usual matches are over eighteen holes. Nine holes may be played on the 28th and nine on the 29th. “Chief” Clevett cautioned entries that-all score sheets must be signed by opponents and turned in to the manager of the Public Golf Course immediately after play. The eight teams with the lowest game score for the three men composing the team will go to the finals. The finals will be held as a straight elimination set. Members of the winning team and runners-up will receive medals with a trophy going to the winning fraternity. Each fraternity will receive twenty-five points for participating with five extra points going to the winner and three to the run-ner-up. Tickets can be obtained at the Intramural Office at fifty cents for two nine hole coupons, or one dollar and a half per team for the first round. If the one dollar and a half IS enclosed with the entry blank the tickets will be mailed. Tom Noland will act as manager of the tournament.
Intramural Notices ALL CAMPUS TENNIS Today—4:15 Lange vs. George Frye. Brackman vs. Brinduse. Elley vs. Deutman. A. Johnston vs. Terry Reed. S. J. Frey vs. W. Deins. J. H. Johnson vs. Kimmel or Weiner Hindman vs. Marshal. J. Powell vs. Monger or Richards. Phil Miller vs. Forsyth. Curby vs. Bosart or Daley. E. Vaughan vs. E. J. Disher. H. Vaughn vs. P^ul Johnson. F. D. Martin vs. R. Stradling. M. L. Meier vs. J. A. Fulewider. R. E. Wagner vs. E. Gonzalez.
4cr mw
STUDENTS
\
1-
no NIOOE! be MORE-
be 0 big neiH
In business ia‘®'
accuraieiy 'YP® leisure
_this means
r;abrEasv%aV^
a» no exUa cost
518 Main St.
DECKER’S
Phone 6477
SOFTBALL—TODAY Diamond 1— Acacia vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 2— Triangle vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 3— Sigma Chi vs. Sigma Alpha Mu. 5— Alpha Tau Omega vs. Delta Chi. 6— Beta Theta Pi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 7— Sigma Nu vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 8— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Sigma Pi. 9— Alpha Chi Rho vs. Pi Kappa Alpha. 10— Theta Xi Vs. Phi Pi Phi. 11— Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi Delta Theta. 12— Kappa Sigma vs. Delta Tau Delta. 13— Kappa Delta Rho vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 14— Theta Tau vs. Delta Upsilon. 17—Beta Sigma Psi vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon.
^iowetf'6
rjoVLR.
edcue
If your table looks bare and uninteresting give it a "boost" by adding a decorative bouquet of flowers.
cw,
Phone 5432
527 Main
Purdue Meets Butler tn Annual Classic Saturday Bulldogs Out To Revenge Last Year’s Defeat As Riveters Invade Indianapolis For First Time In Thirty Years This Saturday for the first time in more than 30 years, a Boilermaker football squad will invade Indianapolis. The Purdue team will travel to the capital to tangle with one of its oldest rivals, the Butler Bulldogs. Butler will be ready to “shoot the works” in an effort to avenge the 33-7 defeat at the hands of the Boilermakers last year in the season’s opener at Ross-Ade Stadium. Saturday’s contest will be held in the Butler Bowl. *i In last year’s battle the two rivals
League Standings
National League
W
L
Pet.
GB
Pittsburgh
85
59
.590
Chicago
96
61
..585
1/2
New York
80
67
.544
61/2
Cincinnati
78
66
.541
7
Boston
75
72
.510
111/2
St. Louis
68
78
.564
18
Brooklyn
66
79
.456
191/2
Philadelphia
45
101
.308
41
SporlsStaff
FALL GOLF Today and Tomorrow Acacia—C. H. Franck, Bill Garten, Richard Robertsen vs. Alpha Gamma Rho—H. Knaus, L. S. Hardin, D. Glover. Alpha Tau Omega—R. Burkholder, L. Jacobson, L. Maynard vs. Beta Theta Pi—Boyer, Lahey, Wells. Delta Chi—Carpenter, Lindeman, Lucjis vs. Delta Upsilon—K. E. O’Neil, E. T. Runcie, J. R. Scheip. Delta Tau Delta—J. Adamson, J. Baker, D. Dittmer vs. Kappa Sigma —F. J. Burnside, F. Kraft,, F. B. Miller. Kappa Delta Rho—R. Hill, T. Hutchison, G. Peck vs. Phi Kappa Tau—A. G. Bignall, C. E. Lang, H. K. Snyder. Phi Kappa—W. Cheney, R. Pox, J. E. O’Connor vs. Pi Kappa Alpha —R. Grady, C. C. muck, C. Robertson. Phi Kappa Psi—Vf. G. Carlson, Bob Hoffer, Bob Skinner vs. Phi Delta Theta—H. Bramberry, R. Meihause, H. L. Murphy. Pi Kappa Phi—Beretta, Magnussen, Vernon vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon—M. Jones, G. Newton, J. Wat^son. Alpha Chi Rho—M. Dunshee, M. Keane, D. Hawkins on vs. Phi Gamma Delta—^R. B. Coen, W. J. Sanders, R. W. Viehe. Phi Kappa Sigma—A. Evers, R. Spangler, C. Standard vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon—A. C. Bodeau, G. Dahl, E. K. Thomas. Sigma Nu—^D. King, R. Lemen, C. McDonald vs. Sigma Chi—J. A. Pass, C. J. Worden, G. D. Craig.
There will be a meeting of all members of the Exponent sports staff at 7:30 Thursday evening in the Union office. All members must
Sigma Pi—J. Dailey, R. Docterman, J. Easley vs. Sigma Alpha Mu—G. Devore, H. Goldstein, J. Rosenberg. Theta Xi—R. Jones, Bud O’Neil, P. Sarginson vs. Triangle—^P. T. Frangos, H. D. Kinzer, J. W. McClain. Theta Chi—R. Fuller, S. Weldy, R. McKenzie vs. Lambda Chi Alpha —D. S. Campbell, R. C. Russell, G. J. Sauter.
were almost evenly matched during the first half, but the Bulldogs wilted in the last period to allow the Boilermakers to run up a sizeable score. This year Coach Tony Hinkle of the Bulldogs, who has coached his football teams to four successive state championships, has been developing two lines of almost equal strength m an effort to prevent a similar foldup of the Butler
defenses.
Last Saturday the Bulldogs opened their 1938 season by whipping the Ball State team, 12 to 6. Coach Hinkle was not very satisfied with the Butler showing and is working hard to correct a number of mistakes which the Bulldogs could not afford to make against Purdue. As mainstays of this year’s team Coach Hinkle has Broderick, captain and blocking back; Connor, all state center; Sporer, fine pass-re-ceiving end; Harding, negro back, generally conceded to be one of the shiftiest runners in the state; Welton, passer and kicker; Crawford, senior back; Constantino, fine allround back; Kubal and Wheeler, guards; Vandermeer, tackle; Kreag fast and shifty fullback; Bob Connor, quarterback and accurate passer; and Lanahan, rangy end.
ANNOUNCING
Reduced Rates
for
Classified Ads--
WHETHER
IT BE FOR SALE FOR RENT FOR TRADE You'll be certain to contact your better market through the new classified ad columns of the Exponent. Ads taken at the Union Desk or at Business Office, 312 N. Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana.
• ft® Purdue Exponent■ “'-T . i.s i
\
^iabaL cudbu
Band Plans First Old Members Will Be
Appearance For
■ ■ A r»«T*/wir«Q+iilxr 9F\A rrivla TirV»/x Viox
Saturday's Game
THE PURDOE EXPONENT
n^nfiroA.
Wednesday. September 28. 1938
CALUNG ALL FKATBRNITIES—Chapter Bulletins a specialty. You furnish the copy—we set the type and furnish you galley proofs. You make up the dummy—we print and you are ready to mail. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
Military Ball Committee: Meeting Thursday, September 2d, at 4:00 p. m. in room 202 of the Armory. ’ —TREECE.
The Purdue Military Band will make its first public appearance of the year when it journeys to ladianapolis Saturday for the Butler game. Leaving Lafayette at 9:00 a. m. on a special train the band will arrive at their Indianapolis headquarters in time to participate in a parade through downtown Indianapolis before the game. In the afternoon, buses will take the band to Butler Bowl where they will present alphabetical formations and various other formations between the halves of the Purdue-But-ler game. In conformation with Army regulations, the freshmen in the band will wear their new uniforms consisting of long ti'ousers and coats similar to the regular corps uniforms. All formations of the band have been planned, so as to balance the old and the new uniforms into harmonious groupings presenting a pleasing scene to the spectators. Faculty Conduds Annual Picnic This Afternoon For All Pharmacy Students The annual pharmacy picnic will be Held this afternoon in Murdock Park. Starting immediately after four o’clock classes, transportation will be furnished from the Pharmacy Building for those who do not have cars. The picnic is^ conducted by the faculty, who furnish all of the food and do all of the work, for the benefit and enjoyment of the students. This has been an annual affair for the past 12 years. Facilities for softball, horseshoes and other diversions will be furnished. A baseball tourney will be held to determine the best class team. Freshmen Invited To Dolphin Reception Dolphin Club, swimming honorary, will hold a freshman reception in the Reception room of the Union Building at 7:30 p. m. Thursday. All freshmen who are interested in trying out for the freshman swimming team should attend the meeting. All those trying out for the teams should sign up in Dr. Eastwood’s/ office in the Fieldhouse Gymnasium today. This is not absolutely necessary for attending for attending the Thursday meeting. Business of the meeting will be composed primarily of short talks by L. E. Armstrong, captain of the water polo team, W. D. Lahey, captain of the swimming team, and E. D. Carr, president of Dolphin Club. Refreshments will be served after the reception. W6AA To Broadcast Out-Of-Town Games Football games played away from home this year will be broadcast by station WBAA through special arrangement with Western Union. The game descriptions will come over Western Union wires, and the game will be recreated in the WBAA studios. Every game except this Saturday’s tilt vrith Butler will be broadcast, the program starting right at game time. Bob Heine and Dick Shively will handle the broadcasts.
LAFAYETTE PRINTING COMPANY 511 Ferry St. PAone 7828 All kinds of printing from • calling card toa High School Annual
Approximately 250 girls who have formerly lived in the Women’s Residence Halls will be guests at the WRH Old Girls Picnic this evening at 4:30 on the lawn adjoining the South Residence Hall. All girls who have lived in either hall are invited. Guests are to go to the rooms which they formerly occupied as soon as
they arrive at the hall.
Faculty members who are invited are: R. B. Stewart, Dean Matthews, Miss How, Miss Bloye, Miss Gamble, Miss Schantz-Hansen, Miss Hazelton, Miss Russell, Miss Fraser, Miss Case, Dr. O’Shea, Miss McFarland, Dean Stratton, Miss Coolidge, Miss Haughton, Irene Feldt, Virginia Slocum, Roberta Marshall, Miss Mitchell^ and Dr.
Rose.
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS—^All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New Portable machines as low as $29.75. Supplies. 0. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
FOR SALE—^Eastman 122 camera, F 6.3, excellent condition, carrying case and tripod $15.00. 264 Littleton.
Exponent Freshman Work Schedfile: Tomorrow, September 29, the following girls report to room E of the Union at 4 o'clock: Barbara Hyman, Helen Stallings, Marguerite Funkhouser, and Laura Betty Gregory. —McKEE.
for Forestry Club must be turned in for membership cards by Friday, September 80, to the membership oommnte& See yonr class representative before then or call 64111. —NICHOLS.
POMM: Important meeting of aH members, Wednesday, September 28, at 4 p. m. in the Armory. —ZIMMER.
Wesley Foundation: Morning watch will be held Thursday, September 29, at 7:30 a. m. with Cecil Warner as leader. —MBLSER.
Scabbard and Blade: Important meeting of all members Thursday, September 29, at 7:00 p. m. In room A of the Union. —ZIMMER.
LOST—Pair of glasses at tennis courts Sunday. Finder please call Kovara 2890.
QUESTION ?—Why not use paper napkins—a nice embossed 13^4x13% only $5.50 per 10,000 the case. Phone 7828. Lafayette Printing Co.
Lutheran Students Association: Important meeting of council in room C of the Memorial Union Building today, September 28, at 4:15 p. m. —STOLLDORF.
Purdue Plying Club: Important meeting in room C of the Union Thursday, September 29, at 7:30 p. m. for class A members only. —SKINNER.
CosmopoUtan Club: Meeting in the faculty lounge of Union Building at 7:80 p. m. Friday, September 30. All students interest^ in joining are welcome. —AYASUN.
BEAUTIFUL PERSONAL CHRISTMAS CARDS—60 assorted lovely designs, with envelopes for $1.60. Finest quality art $3.00. Your name inscribed on each free if desired. An ideal Xmas gift. Order early. Nichols & Co., Rockmart, Georgia.
Playshop: Players’ picnic Thursday, September 29. Meet at 4 p. m. in the rear of Fowler Hall. Eats will be provided; members should come prepared- to hike. —AHRENS.
WS6A Executive Board: Meeting tonight, September 28, at 7:30 in the WSGA office. —LEANING.
Reamers: Turn in your tickets for the Wisconsin and Indiana football games to either Wright, Thatcher, or Jacks at 201 Vine street. (9-30) —JACKS. Mechanical Engineering Students: Mechanicals are reminded that Thursday, September 29, is the deadline to join ASME in order to get pit passes for_ next year's Indianapolis Speedway time trials. —WOLVERTON.
Alpha Phi Omega: ivieemig Wednesday, September 28, in room A of the Union Building at 7:30 p. m. All members be present. —WADLEIGH
Juniors: All Juniors interested in coming out for Forensic manager or Purdue student speaker’s bureau leave petitions at the Union desk by noon Friday, September 80. Please state approximate scholarship index and any other activities. Call Carr at 5021 for details. —CARR.
CALL 7828 and order a case of 320—' economy toilet roll $4.60.
SINGLE OR DOUBLE ROOM—Only 2 blocks from campus and village. Inner spring mattresses. 212 Wiggins St.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Important meeting tonight, September 28, at 7:16 in room F of the Union. Attendance compulsory. —BURNHAM.
FOR SALE — Complete set, nineteen World Book Encyclopedias, nearly new, at greatly reduced price. Phone 41061. Snelling.
Faculty Members: Membership tickets for the Indiana State Teachers Association are on sale at the general office in the Education Building. Price, $2. —McCOMB.
Notices
Motorcycle Riders: Riders interested in Purdue Motorcycle club meet at Budges cycle shop Friday, September 30, at 7 p. m. Steak fry date will be decided. —STRIEBY.
Purdue Engineer: The following men are to report to Squires today, September 28, at 4 p. m. in the Engineer Office: Mossberg, Lantz, Winslow, and Xong. —HART.
Catholic Students: All Catholic students desiring to work on the Newman Club membership and promotion committees report at 4 p. m. today, September 28, in room B of the Union. —GLAZEBROOK.
Engineering Schools: Honorary presidents please report senior parade attendance to the office of the Mechanical Engineering Building or by phone at 4784. (9-30) —HARVEY. Freshmen, Sophomore Co-eds: Girls interested in WSGA office committee, report to WSGA office any afternoon this week between 4 and 6 ‘.30 p. m. (9-30) —THRASHER. Co-eds: Charm school meets in women’s lounge of the Union Building, Thursday, September 29, at 4 p. m. —BERRY.
Eta Kappa Nu: Important meeting Wednesday, September 28, in room B of Union at 7:80 p. m. —KECK.
Glider Club: Open meeting Wednesday, September 28, in reception room of the Union. —MOORE.
MiUtary Sophomores: Sophomores who have two F. A. Books No. 200 may turn in the new copy for full credit between Thursday. September 22 and Thursday, September 29th. —HOLMES.
Forestry Club: All membership receipts
Crown Cleaned Clothes All Over the World From all parts of the Continent young folks come to attend Purdue. For two decades we have been serving these students with Dry Cleaning Service of the highest character. This long experience is your protection. FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES OFFICE AT TOP OF THE HILL
A HAPPY THOUGHT FOR THRIFTY COLLEGIANS —SEND your weekly laundry home by handy Railway Express Right from your college rooms and return, conveniently, economically and fast, with no bother at all. Just phone our local college agent when to come for the bundle. He'll call for it promptly—whisk it away on speedy express trains, to your city or town and return the homedone product to you—all without extra charge—liio whole year through. Rates for this famous college service are \ovf,anayou can send collect, you know (only by Railway Express, by the way). It’s a very popular method and adds to the happy thought. Phone our agent today. He’s a good man to know. 9 So. Second St. Phone 2025 Lafayette, Ind.
RAILWAY EXPRESS agency, INC. NATION-WIDE RAIL-AIR SERVICE
Straight to more pleasure . . . thafs where Chesterfield makes a solid hit every time •. . gives smokers what they want ,. . refreshing mildness and better taste and here’s the big reason. .. It takes good things to make a good product Thafs why we use the best ingredients a cigarette can have,.. mild ripe tobaccos and pure cigarette paper,,, to make Chesterfield the cigarette that SATISFIES,
esterfield
..more pleasure fir millions
Paul Whiteman Every Wednesday Evening George Gracie Burns Allen Every Friday Evening All C. B. S. Stations
Eddie Dooley Football Highlights Every Thursday and Saturday S2 Leading N. B. C. Stations
Copyright 1958, Licomr & Mybrs Tobacco Co.
t d