R/,'1
\ •
J
Gold Diggers
CO-ED EDITION
MV _ Women Workers
• the Purdue
Exponent
VOLUME 49 Lafayette, Indiana Wed., Oct. 20, 1937 NUMBER 32
Co-eds^ Speakers^ Deans Will Attend First Session Of Women's Work And
Opportunities Conference Tonight
Free Union Tea Dance To Add To Male Persecution
Co-eds Change Places With Eds^ Take
Dates Of Choice To Gold Diggers Ball
Ca thcart Will Play For Annual RazJs DanceFridayNight
J'riday night is Razz Night for the eds—their nemesis will be the annual Gold Diggers’ Dance in the Union ballroom. The band is Jimmy Cathcart’s from I. U., the committee is Betty Jo Sexton and Betty Elstun, and the decorations are secret. For the price of one dollar a girl can have the date of her choice (if she asked him long enough ^ago) and a vote in the “most eligible bachelor” contest. “
Do As Done By On this one night of all the year co-eds give beloved and otherwise eds the chance to do as they would be done by, or to do as they have been done. ^ Eds can make their dates wait for them, make them late for dinner, demand special cigarettes, complain about walking because of his tight dancing pumps, fuss over their hair and make-up—in short —mimic the s’ns of girls. Or they could show the co-eds their idea of a swell date by being prompt, charming, and unself-concerned. Dinner? The “where” and “how much” (if at all) of dinner before the dance is entirely up to the whim of the girl; likewise individuality is bound to burst out in choice and style of corsage. The transportation problem might bring some surprises— girls have been known to give boys a real chance to say “thanks for the bug*gy ride.”
Senate Discusses
Reincarnation Of
Old Pipe Tradition
Gold Digger's Dilemma
Trustees Hold Quarterly Meeting, Will Consider 'No Smoking' Tradition Today
Members of the Board of Trustees, held their regular quarterly meeting yesterday. Inspection tours of the Fieldhouse, the new addition to the Service and Stores Building and the north Residence Hall were made.
Possible reincarnation of the old junior pipe tradition, which would give evf'ry junipr the privilege of smoking a special pipe with a big “P” 'on the front of the bowl and their class numerals beneath, was favorably discussed at last night’s meeting of Student Senate. President Dan Rohyans created a committee consisting of P. W. Eckstein, chairman, Jacobi, Reiley, and Davis to probe the matter. Among other subjects under consideration are the possibility of cheaper student tickets for off-the-campus athletic events, possibility of cooperation yith the Student Union on their temporary directory., plans for a bigger and better show of military strength at home football games.
Bids for a new Horticulture and Agriculture Chemistry Buildings were received; the contracts will be awarded some time today. The name of the school of chemical engineering was changed to the school of chemical engineering and metallurgical engineering, on account of the rapid expansion of metallurgi-
Vnion To Begin Bridge Instruction Tomorrow ..
Free contract and duplicate bridge lessons' sponsored by the Student Union wilh begin tomorrow at 7:15 p. m. in th^ game room of the Union Building. J. L. Born, professional bridge instructor in Lafayette, will be in charge of the lessons. The Union is sponsoring these sessions because they believe that a working knowledge of bridge fundamentals is a valuable social asset. Lessons are expected to continue for six to eight weeks.
You 7/ Truck,Peck, Suzy-Q If Big Apple Gets ToOldPurdue
By Louise Daniel
“Grab your partner, folks, it’s the Big Apple, Form a circle and swing a foot to the center. Truck round ‘ to the left, fellows. Truck round to the right girls! Swing it. Baby, that’s right!” If you can swing, you can truck. Just lean towards the side, shake the index finger of your right hand, let your body follow your finger, and you’ll be truckin’. “Get your girl and twirl her fast.
Whoaho! Watch those shiners.” Single couples doing a solo are called shiners. Soloists may do any step, slide, or kick, the faster the better. “It’s the Shag, folks. Come on, slide for the lady, Pete. Spread your arms, lean forward, and slide first with the right, then with the left foot.” » ' “Pecl^in’, just Peckin’. Peck at your partner’s shoulder, right, then (Continued on page 4)
cal courses during the past few years. The “no smoking” tradition will be discussed at the meeting today.
100 Freshmen Take
Part In Beveridge Preliminary Contest
One hundred freshmen took part in the preliminaries of the annual Beveridge Public Speaking Contest yesterday afternoon in University Hall. The six finalists chosen to speak in the final contest tomorrow evening are: Linn Lorre, “Why Go To College”; Don Sinide, “War”; Stein Middleton, “Organized Labor”; Bert Bohlin, “Socialized Medicine”; W. N. White, “Electric Utili-i ties”; and Bert Brink, “Why Go To College.”
The chosen finalists will compete for first place at 7:30 p. m. tomorrow in Duncan Lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building.
■■ ■ - - y^jii
Sing M Sunday Convo
Two feature numbers will be sung by the University Choir of 166 voices, under the direction of A. P. Stewart, at the first Convocation for Worship, Sunday morning in Eliza Fowler Hall. Anthems on the program will be “Emittee Spiritum Tuum” (Send Forth Thy Spirit) by Sclfuetky, and “To Thee, O Lord, Do I Lift Up My Soul,” by Kalinnikoff. George Osborn will accompany the choir at the organ-.
Dr. Ralph Marshall Davis, pastor Qf the First Presbyterian Church at Oakland, Cal., will be the guest speaker. His sermon will be entitled “Religion—A Defense Mechanism.”
Co-ed^ at Purdue have borne the brunt of many a slur and slam from lofty eds, but for one gay week-end they’re getting their chance at bat and taking, all the innings.
Friday, Gold Diggers’ gives the men the first taste of talking back what they dish out all year. To heap agonies on woe the free Union tea dance Saturday afternoon at 3 o’clock will be i^^stricted to women’s choicn in flower wearers. Two flowers to each woman! Only men wearing flowers presented by coeds can crash the gate. ,
New Cadet Officers
Welcomed To Corps At Union Luncheon
Two hundred and twenty-five jun ior and senior ROTC officers at tended a Cadet Officers'.’ luncheon yesterday at noon, in the Memorial Union ballroom.
New junior officers were intro duced and welcomed to the advance corps by W. H. Barry, luncheon chairman, and master of ceremonies. Colonel C. S. Blakely, new commandant, as the main speaker, acknowledged the welcome extended to him by the Purdue ROTC unit. Cadet Colonel Musham, and J. R. Murray, three highest ranking senior officers, were presented with Albert (Continued on page 4)
Cords Will Admit
Co-eds To Mixer
Senior women will be honored at the first co-ed cord dance to be held Saturday night, October 23, in the Memorial Union ballroom from nine o’clock until 12. All senior women, wearing their corduroy skirts, will get in free with their escorts.
Because of the football game at Northwestern last Saturday, the dance was postponed until this Saturday night.
Veferinarians Come
To Annuar Poultry,
Swine Short-Course
Sixty-five Indiana veterinarians assembled here at the University for the annual four-day short course which got underway yesterday afternoon, and which will close Friday afternoon|. Today’s program will feature discussions and clinics on swine diseases.
Dr. Lt P. Doyl^ a Purdue,veterinarian, opened the short course yesterday afternoon with a talk on poultry diseases, and was followed by Prof.' C. "W. Carrick, head of the Purdue poultry department, with a discussion on selection and management of the poultry breeding flock. Dr. F. C. Tucker, a practitioner of Claypool, spoke on the control and treatment of poultry diseases.
Playshop To Test Dramatic Talent
For Popu lar Plays
H. Kenn Carmichael, director of Playshop, announces general tryouts for dramatic aspirants tonight and tomorrow night at 7:30 o’clock in Fowler Hall. Twenty people are to be cast for the first two plays at this time. The types of chax*acters to be selected range from hill-billy grandmas and grandpas to sprightly college sophomores.
Nine Midwestern Universities Will Be Represented In Visiting Group
By action of the executive committee, women students attending sessions of the Conference on Women’s Work and Opportunities, October 21, may be excused from those classes that they miss by virtue of attendance at the conference. One o’clock classes will not be affected by this ruling. Students are responsible for securing attendance cards and presenting them to their instructors at the first session of-class following the conference. DOROTHY C. STRATTON, Dean of Women.
Nearly fifty guests—speakers, co-ed representatives, and deans of women—will gather tonight at 7:30 in the Union ballroom to attend the first session of the Second Conference on Women’s Work and Opportunities. It is estimated that approximately a thousand women students also will hear addresses by Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, Dr. Kathryn McHale, Mrs. Clara Snyder, and Dr. Maud Slye on “frontiers” in the broad fields of business, education, home economics, and science.
Representatives, Dean^ In addition to the leaders of the 17 discussion groups, two student represeentatives from nine mid-western colleges and universities will be accompanied by deans of women from seven of these educational centers, and will register at the conference table in the Union. •
Preceding the general session there will be a dinner for these guests at 6 o’clock in the faculty lounge. /At 9 o’clock the crowd will break to form a social hour for informal getting-acquainted.
The evening session will act as a preview and lead to the 17 discussion groups on Thursday. Dr. Gilbreth, who is already known to coeds as professor of management is president of Gilbreth Incorporated —consulting engineers in management in New York City. At the session tonight she will address the girls on “Frontiers in Business.”
Places For Women
Dr. Kathryn McHale, woman trustee of the University, is also director general of the American Association of University Women. Places in education for women will be the Subject of her address.
The field of home economics will be covered for the audience'by Mrs. Clara Gebhard Snyder of the Department of Foods and Nutrition of the Wheat Flour Institute,’Chicago.
Dr. Maud Slye, winner of gold medals from the North American Radiological Society and the American Medical Association, and an original researcher in cancer, will describe “Frontiers in Science” for the assembled co-eds.
Psychological Guidance In room F of the Union at 8:30 tomorrow Dr. Gladys D“. Frith, PhD and MD, clinical phychologist of the counseling department of South Bend schools, will be the leaders in a discussion of psychological guidance and counseling. Lenofe Sater who has for the last several years been teaching the natives of the Tennessee Valley to use the electrical appliances for which the great dams of the river supply power, will, discuss household equipment, in the faculty' lounge of the Union.
Rooms 1 and 2 will be the center for discussion of scientific research lead by Mi^s Maria Telkes of the research department of Westinghouse Electric and Manufacturing Company. More Groups * At 10:30 another set of groups gets under way. Mrs. Clara G. Snyder of tonight’s program will be the loader of a group in the faculty lounge discussing commercial food work. Dr. Gilbreth will add her part again tomorrow morning to the discussion of industidal management in rooms 1 and 2. Interior decorating will be the subject of Mrs. Mary Turpin’s leadership in the women’s lounge. Mrs.' Tnrpin is a representative of C. B. Howard Company of Indianapolis. Fred Willis, laboratory technician at the University Student Health Se»’vice will conduct the discussion of lab work in the reception room.
Conference Leaders
Marian Stephenson
Dr. Lillian Gilbreth
Clwra Gebliairdi SnyderI
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday# October 20# /1937
the Purdue Exponent
Fou'nded in 1889
MEMBER ^sociated ^lUptate ‘^itrcss
represented for N^vIiONAu aDVERTISINO BY NationalAdvertEs”mgServlce,liic. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave New York, N. Y Chicago - Boston ■ Los Angeles - San Francisco
Editorial Phone 6087 Campns Subscriptions ?8 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6038 Mail Subscriptions $8.50 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
BUSINESS MANAGER . . . .
CO-EDITOR IN CHIEF
R. P. Manion . . D. C. Miller Elizabeth Pyke
ASSOCIATE EDITORS Mary Cooley, Sally McKee, Dorothea Justin ISSUE EDITOR Dorothea Justin EXPONENT PLATFORM 1. Improve student housing conditions. 2. Promote student honesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports. 3. Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods. Women And Work In honor of the Second Conference on Women’s Work and Opportunity this edition of the Exponent has been edited by the coed staif with the assistance of two men. Putting out a paper consists of covering the news, writing stories, heads, features, and editorials, and then staying up until after three o’clock to oversee the actual printing process. For the first time in several years the girls have reported all the sports news. Fielder’s Choice, in this issue, is devoted to women’s athletics and men’s gossip. These co-eds have had an actual experience in a vocation—that of journalism, so it is with keen pleasure that the entire co-ed Exponent staff is looking forward to this conference on women’s work. University funds and faculty assistance have made it possible for the Women’s Self Governing Association to organize this conference. It is hoped that all women students will participate in the discussions and lectures so that the maximum value may be obtained from this unusual opportunity. Rest Room Shortcomings Well fitted rest rooms for women are available in most buildings on the campus, to the credit of campus overseers. Some rooms, however, are miserably lacking in conveniences and necessities for the women. In Stanley Coulter Hall, the women’s lone lavatory is supplied with such things as towels, soap, easy running faucets, but there is no mirror. For years, co-eds have been inconvenienced after a trying biology or botany lab when attempting to clean up and redecorate their faces without the aid of a large mirror. The women’s lounge in the Education Building is pleasantly furnished; the couches apparently offer rest and comfort for tired or headachey girls. The room is not extensively used, however, because of its usual hot
EDITORIAL ASSISTANTS Mary Carolyn Davis, Patricia Heine, Patricia Henry, Alice Martens, Yvonne Price, Mildred Ross, Emily Sawdon, Georganne Schilling, Helen Steffee, Betty Wickard, Katherine Thrasher, Joan Wimborough.
October 20, 1937
as Hades temperature. Poor ventilati^and an over-zealous heat-tumer-onner, make the room so stuffy as to be almost unbearable. The second floor wash room of the Union Building often has towel littered floors and untidy wash basins. The mirrors here are inadequately lighted. The /our chandeliers don’t supply enough light for the large, U shaped room. A dirty cover on the wicker chaise lounge completes an unattractive pi - ture. For cleanliness, attractiveness, and convenience, the women's dressing ''oom m the Student Helath Service seems to be the nesi on the campus. The green tile floor, shimnig porcelain, good lights, clear mirro , p ful towels, make it much appreciated by the co-eds.—^D. J. ' And How Its Grown Every so often. University women are privileged to show the eds they can put out a paper not too far from Hie standards set by the men’s staff of the Exponent. Co-eds are fortunate to have the opportunffy to participate so fully in one of the most thrilling activities on the campus—Exponent. The college paper here was once an allmale affair. From 1882 to 1904, men alone Cut out the news sheet. 1907 one woman was listed among reporters. By 1920, six co-eds were named reporters. These women had secured permission from the deans and the editors to work on Exponent. In 1914, the Women’s Section was begun. Six or eight inches of co-ed news, with editors and reporters listed, were printed every day. Gradually space allotted women writers was increased. By 1919, women had stories with bylines. In 1923 a woman feature edF tor was credited in the flag, as well as a co-ed editor. The advanced state of permitting co-eds to work even as issue editors was reached in 1930. Go-ed work had gained in importance; women were covering convocations, other campus news besides women’s activities, doing features. Since 1933, women have put out—^written proof read, made uj)—one edition a year entirely on their own (with the welcome aid ot two members of the ed staff). Fall of 1937—and the first issue put out entirely by women for the semester is before you, proudly showing women’s position and increasing capabilities on the campus. D. J.
Letters to the Editor
Quiet Hours To the Editor: With ^he WRH new rule that freshmen must obtain permission from the chaperon to attend t^e library or campus activities after 7 p. m., comes discussion and dissension among the girls affected. They resent the fact that they can not go to the village or elsewhere as late as 8:30, the former hour at which co-eds were lequired to be in the residence halls. Many giils believe that quiet hours should begin at 7 oi 7:30 rather than 7'15. By the time the girls have begun to study earnestly the rest period comes from 9:30 to 10 o’clock, when bedlam reigns. One hour of study is really lost instead ^ of the prescribed half hour. These two leasons lead women students to believe that the Women’s Residence Hall is not yet run to the best advantage. —Residents of WRH. Movies Exaggerate To the Editor: Every year the movies have to produce pictuies concerning supposed college life. All students laugh at the gross exaggeiations in these shows and the paradise con'cocted for amusement only. Movie students hi eak into song or dance in the class rqoms—that is, if the producers get around to showing
such an unimportant part of the school’s activities. It’s rather a laugh to any student to see these fantastic portrayals of life on a college campus; however, I wonder if many of our freshmen expected to attend such a super jazz palace? None of them would admit it. It all seems like good, light fun until you have some o],der person who never has been closely associated with college life inquire seriously if all colleges are like those pictured in the movies. That’s when I would like to eradicate college movies. Perhaps these movie writeis think that real college life isn’t exciting! —Kathryn Boord, Sc. ’38
Ed Edits
On Co-Education Today the eds, in spite of then iiumeiical superioritv in the Univeisity are taking a back seat. Paralleling their evei-increasing participation in all activities, both Lniveisity and national in scipt co-ed‘ aie the editors, reporters, and cnjiy readers behind this morning’s Exponent. Trui.. it is only fair that in .his, the only ed ytterance in the-^f columns, we should pay tribute to
them and to the part that they play in our University. Why are educators, even the most conservative, leaning more toward co-educational schools ? Why is it that women’s colleges are gradually replacing women with men instructors, installing men as their college presidents?- Why are men’s colleges adding a distinct feminine touch wherever possible? The answer lies in the fact that today, educators are comrng to the conclusion that educatron is primarily preparation for living, for getting the most out of life. Certainly few if any of us are going to live entirely isolated from members of the opposite sex.{ So co-educational schools are coming to the front, and will continue to do so and to become more and more popular. Onjy le^-ently a mother was heard to say, “Mane got more from her year at a co-educational institution, (it happened to be Purdue) than she got from her four year’s at a girl’s school.” Of course. Mane had the advantage of a good background, and the ability which comes with age. But, too and more important, at Purdue she was thrown into true-to-life contacts with members of the opposite sex. Yes, it is fitting that today’s Exponent is the product of the ingenuity and endeavors of Purdue women. We are fortunate that Pui-due is a co-ed ucational institution and that ever-improving facilities for women cause co-ed enrollment to continue ^o increase,—L. S. H.
I’ve been standing behind the eight ball—^waiting for my cue—so here goes— Humphreys, DUprexy,is one Purdue ed who knows the Big Apple and is pretty darn sure of it—at least he ought to be, he practiced y half an hour on the Oellege Inn dance floor with quite an audience. Guess they^ouldn’t get him off. M[ary had a little lamb, Some salad and dessert, Then she gave the wrong address, The dirty little flirt. —Swiped. Then there’s Dottie Smiley who sent her laundry over to to'wn and received in the return bundle two pair of men’s shorts. They couldn’t be Kissy Phelps’ because he luxes his
Encyclopedia Americana Gold Digger: A girl who mines her own business. —Also Swiped. The judge showed no sympathy with a certain freshman when his car was damaged to the extent of $25 or more. It seems he was out at the airport turning his spotlight on unsuspecting couples, when, someone put their car into reverse and smashed into him — the freshman was sort of caught^ with his proverbial trousers in a descending position. Norm Palmer, Beta, admits no girl would take him to a co-ed bid dance. There’s still plenty of time to insert a paid ad. A rare species—Bill Robson buying drinks for the house Saturday night at the Blazer—something new and different around here. Jack Goory’s mad! For four years he’s been dating different dolls on the campus—For four years he’s been hoping to go to Gold Diggers —For four years he’s stayed home. Jack Goory’s mad!
collegiate
By Mary Cooley How would you girls like to “sign out” not only your O'wn name and the time, but your escort’s name and your destination, too? Co-eds at Valparaiso University observe this rule so that the dormitory chaperone can keep all this information along with character notes for each girl. On Sunday, the day of taboos, no dancing or ironing is permitted. Smoking is prohibited at all times. \ “All freshmen must ask permission of a member of the Student Court for every date.” This new ruling elicited groans of despair from freshmen at Midland^College, Fremont, Nebraska. ~ * * H- Hs One of the two womqn students at the Western Reserve Unive:^sity school of architecture, describes the home she will plan for herself Ayhen she becomes a full fledged architect. “It will not be a large house,” she says, “but it ■will have a oneand a half story studio living room, with long windows across one side. There will be stairs to a balcony across one end, leading 4o the bedrooms. Under the stairs I will have a fireplace, set down three steps below the living loom floor, the steps to be padded so you can sit on them before the fiie.” She originally intended to do this house of hers for her thesis, but her father, J, G. Befi, influenced her another way. So instead she will do a design for a modern cosmetic laboratoiy—factory and offices for his firm, the Bonne Belle Cosmetic Company. She will go to Paris for further study after graduation next spring; then she will return to practice her profession. *H 4* ^ Discovering he was a man, the Delta Delta Delta sorority at Butler University struck Joy Lively’s name from the rushing list. He had received a number of invitations to parties from sorority chairmen. 4* 4* “My peisonal grievance is that
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘And after you’re done performing that service for mankind there’s the dinner dishes in the sink.”
you are all too busy—you go, see, hear, play too much,” President Ada L. Comstock told young women at the opening exercises of Radcliffe College. "... your lives are too broken by telephone calls, meetings, rehearsals, and other distractions.” ^ * * * Joe College of Indiana University will not “say it with flowers” to his girl-friend so often this year, because there is a new rule t^at a man student may send his “date” flowers for only three dances during the school year. The men issued it to save ^hemselves money. These are the comments from the
■LAST DAY— A^-SMIRLEy MORE GLORIOUS THAN you HAVE Ilever known ^ , in {be picitire^yiai^
Thursday - Friday - Saturday DOLORES DEL RIO PETER LORRE in “LANCER SPY”
iiiiSid
-TODAYDOUBLE FEATURE
JEAN^S 6BEATEST ROLE!
STUART ERWIN IN “SMALL TOWN BOY” STARTS TOMORROW
A ROMANCE OF THE SOUTH SEAS First Run
And
“TALENT SCOUT”
with
DONALD WOODS JEANNE MADDEN
co-eds: “I think it’s a good idea, because the corsages I get usually ^on’t match my dress anyway.” “I never did like corsages. They get squashed and look droopy by the end of the evening. Besides the pins always stick you.” _
LMl!3IA NOW PLAYING WE’RE PyiTlN® ON THE RITIES' and they’re putting ©no riot I
ARC
HELD OVER! — LAST DAY— PURDUE ROTC and PURDUE BAND In Action Plus
—and— HOOT GIBSON in “Riding Avenger”
FAyilY—LAST DAYWILLIAM POWELL' LOUISE RAINER
“The Emperor’s Candlesticks” —PLUS— FRED MacMURRAY FRANCES FARMER CHARLIE RUGGLES —in— “EXCLUSIVE”
Thursday - Friday - Saturday BOB LIVINGSTON in “Gun Smoke Ranch” —and— JUNE TRAVIS in “Over the Goal”mmm
Wednesday, October 20, 1937
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Laboratory Drill Begins Iowa Game Preparation Laboratory drill in the field house yesterday was the preliminary step for the Boilermaker squad in their preparation for the last home game of the season against Iowa a week from
Saturday.
Although naturally disappointed at the score of the Northwestern tussle, the squad seemed anything but disheartened. Acting coach Mai Elward expressed his feelings as follows: “There is little that I cay say when the boys play the type of game they did against the Wildcats an dthen lose on the breaks. However, if they continue to play as they did last Saturday, I can prhmise some |
victoriesyahead.” Grant, Humphrey Out
With the exception of Andy Grant, guard, who will he out of action for several days because of a leg injury, and Paul Humphrey, center, who suffered a recurrence of an old nose injury, the^squad apparently came through the Wildcat battle in good physical condition. Barring practice injuries, the Boilermakers are expected to be at full strength for the first time since the Ohio State* game when they^ stack up against the rejuvenated Hawk-
eyes.
Tanco Will M^et With Camera Club Tonight At the second meeting of the camera Club which will be held tonight at 7 o’clock in the tower room of the Memorial Union Building, Paul Tanco of Tanco Photos, will be the guest speaker. Tanco will discuss taking and developing magazine pictures and will give a short review of his experiences in commercial photography. The club is cooperating with the Debris this year in taking photos for the 1938 publication.
—TODAY—
11:00—American Institutions,
Prof. Robert Phillips.
11:60—Purdue News Flashes. 12:00—Farm Facts for Farm
Folks.
12:16—^Luncheon Dance Time. 12:30—Sports Review with Bob
Heine.
12:46—Dorothy Ochramm, pianist. ' • 1:00—Meditations, by Rev. George A. Ritchie. 1:16—^Vocational Guidance, C.
E. Dammon.
1:30—Keeping Ahead of the
Joneses.
1:45—Market and Weather
Reports.
^2:00—Lafayette Grade School ' Program. 2:16—This Week In Literature 2:30—You and Your Child, Dr. Bertha Rose. 2:46—Cathedral Echoes, Mrs. Jackson, soprano. 3:00—The Home Decorator. 3:16—American Scene. 3:30—Music With the Masters. 4:00—The Story Book Hour. 4:16—Marjorie Starrett. 4:46—Leonard Raftree and Russ Mock, Song Time.
Modern Equipment— We have five pool tables and four billiard tables - -all in excellent condition. A large number of new cues have been added to our cue supply. With equipment for Experts your billiard or pool game will be more interesting and enjoyable. The Billiard Room has competent instructors who will gladly give free instructions to anyone desiring to improve their game. JPUL ffljVutwL WsmuftiaL lAnmvL Corner of the Campus^Yet the Center of Activities
WAA Interclass Hockey Matches To Start Monday WAA interclass hockey tournament play start Monday. Only girls who have had seven practices will be eligible for their class teams, which will be chosen Friday and announced Saturday, stated Barbara Dobson, head of WAA hockey. Each team will play every other team twice in round robin tournament. For the past five weeks, 80 girls have been practicing. Dads’ Day will be celebrated by a WAA field day. Hockey matches will be held, A^ith a team of picked undergraduates playing a team of alumnae and faculty. The final match of an intersectional speedball contest will be played. Two girls from each archery section will take part in a tournament. Second round matches will be played in the women’s singles tennis tournament. Forty-two girls have entered the matches, which are under the leadership of Margaret Jenkins. Rifle Practice Teams from four wards, two halls, and eight sorority and club groups have started weekly practice in anticipation of the women’s intramural riflery tournament which starts the week of December 6. One hundred girls have signed up. Between 300 and 400 more are expected, according to Doris Christenson, who is in charge of riflery. On December 13 class squads will be chosen and class tournaments will begin, folIpwed by telegraphic meets with other universities. Twenty-five girls have come out for archery and are practicing under the managership of Irene Boehm, for the individual meet to be held in the first week of November. ' Leadership Grades , Cabin leadership courses given this fall have been passed with an “A” grade by Virginia Blank, Alice Harrington, and Mary Helen Miller. “B” leaders are Josephine Cook, Joyce Davison, Martha Schroeder, and Charlotte Lochner. These girls learned firebuilding and other outdoor craft at the WAA cabin, took a first aid course under Dr. Rose, and passed a written examination. Other girls will have a chance to finish the course or start leadership work. “A” leaders are all allowed to use the cabin at any time. Two “B” leaders must go together. The WAA fall season will end November 18 with the annual Fall Sports Spread at the cabin, when class numerals will be presented to the girls with tlje requisite number of points. During the indoor sport season which follows, badminton, bowling, volleyball, shuffleboard, and deck tennis will be offered. AddifSonal Pledge Thaeles sorority announces the additional pledgiifg of Estelle Cohen, Indianapolis.'
By Yvonne Price Bow downi, Purdue males—are you men or mice? You’ve had your chance for criticism—now we have ours. Read “Bold and Blaak.” Some stuff! —^fc— What male specimen on this campus has the nerve to compare himself with the great Larry Kelley? (Kelley—Yale—^was ^ probably the greatest football player in America in 1936). So—a few nights ago, Larry supposedly called' the Theta house here. The story was that he and Tinsley (Lduisiana State star) were on their way to Nebraska to scout'the game and they wanted two Theta’s to accompany them—and this was all done in such an innocent tone of voice! Imagine — Kelley here. ' —^fc— What a break! We are to be given the old gym while the boys are to have the new Fieldhouse. We can’t even swim in the pool without an invitation from the Dolphin Club—^no justice. Speaking of swimming, one of the outstanding Triton Club distance swimmers is Jackie Nicholson, freshman from Chicago. —^fc— Blow, winds, blow—now that our summer days are gone, girls shiver and shake in their little, black athletic shorts. The hockey field has turned into the icy fields of Canada! Now, instead of freezing to death in shorts, ski pants for class are coming into fashion—quite a difference in warmth. —^fc— Freshmen came out enthusiastically for hockey this fall, swinging sticks to and fro—resulting in a few hurt shins! Hockey is one game that requires knowledge of the rules, but one-half to three-fourths of the frosh never played it before. They run here and there, knocking each other all over the field. —^fc— Shorty Purchla’s mad! All the upperclassmen leave rifle practice without ever sweeping up the floor —always in a hurry to go to the Sweet Shop. The girls never look at the target when they shoot. The point of aim is mostly at the other side of the room—and Shorty absolutely howls when the girls chew gum and try to shoot at the same time. Chewing gum is an art in itself, but to chew v^hen aiming moves the point.' ‘ —^fc— Things like this happen at rifle practice ... One girl became-excited because of the bing-bangs all arouhd her—so—midst all the flying bullets, she ran up to the targets to recover hers. Shorty stopped the other girls from shooting just in time t6 keep the girl from-“fading out.” When asked what the big idea was, she replied, “I * thought they
Positions for Freshmen You are here for an education. That alone shows you are aggressive and trying "to get ahead." The EXPONENT needs aggressive and ambitious men and women on its advertising staff—eds and co-eds that are willing to work. Youneedneither artistic nor sales ability. The EXPONENT will, however, help you develop both. Add to this a practical Ebusiness training, and you have some of the more important direct results obtainable for you in what is a further education - during your university career. Do more with your time at schoob youTl find it pays big dividends after graduation. If you are interested in working, see Hensler at the EXPONENT office, 312 N. Fifth Street, Lafayette, after 3:00 P. M,
Todaf Is Deadline For Turning In Coupon Dooks For Dad's Day Game Class Seating student coupons for the Iowa football game must be turned into the ticket office by 4:30 today in order to obtain preferential seating by classes, it was announced yesterday by Ticket Manager C, S. Doan. Any student orders turned in after the ticket dffice closes this afternoon will be filled in the orde/of their receipt below the original
drawing. ^ Heavy Ticket Demands Due to the heavy demand for tickets and the open date this Saturday, reserved seat tickets for Purdue’s last home game have already been placed on sale at the ticket office in Purdue Hall. A limited number of choice seats are still available for the Iowa game, which will provide the Dads’ Day attraction here a week from Saturday. Tickets will also be on sale at Decker’s in Lafayette and at Deac’s and Southworth’s in West Lafayette, beginning Monday of next week. 1,100 Tickets Eleven hundred tickets in a special block have been reserved for dads coming to the Iowa game. The tickets will be placed on sale in the Union lobby next week.
were rubber bullets and wouldn’t hurt anyone!” —^fc— Now that the Yanks and Giants have finished the World Series— money lost, money won—^fuU speed is ahead for football. Northwestern Minnesota and Ohio State are leading the Big Ten. We won’t mention the Purdue-Northwestern game —^news gone by! —^fc— Flash! Frosh personalities. Keep an eye on these three freshman football men. Gene Basker and George Toth, both from South Bend, are being classed as two up-and-coming varsity stars. Basker, backfielder, played on the traditional high school^ team that Schreyer and Woltman hailed from. Toth played with them during high school. —^fc— ' Jim Miller, frosh guard, has exceedingly high possibilities. Miller played on the same high school football team as Morningstar—Washington High, Massilon, O. This has been an undefeated team for the last two years. By the way, this is Miller’s fifth year of football.
Ten Teams Will Run In Cross Country Meet Ten teams have already entered the annual interfratemity cross country run which will be held on Thursday. All races are over a two and one-haif mile course starting from a point on Intramural Field at the end of Fourth street. Fraternities are to enter fourman teams, the first three finishing to score. The winning team wiU receive a cup. Medals will be given to individual members of this team. Contestants are to assemble in the Gymnasium lobby at 4:16 o’clock to receive numerals and instructions. A map of the course to be run is posted on the bulletin board in the Memorial Gymnasium.
TOUCHBALL —TODAY— Regular Games 1 Acacia vs Tau Epsilon Phi — Beck 2 Alpha Tau Omega vs Beta Sigma Psi—Boyer 3 Beta Theta Pi vs Kappa Sigma —Caparoso 4 Lambda Chi Alpha vs S.A.E.— Juillard 6 Phi Gamma Delta vs Phi Kappa —Kerber 6 Phi Kappa Psi vs Sigma Nu— Troyer 7 Sigma Phi Epsilon vs Tau Kappa Epsilon—^Wallace 8 Theta Xi vs Triangle—Billings SOFTBALL —TODAY— Quarter Finals For Fraternity Softball 1 9^i Delta Theta vs Theta Chi— Mangus 15 Alpha Gamma Rho vs Kappa Delta Rho or Delta Upsilon— 2 Ward 13 vs Ward 6 14 Ward 10 vs Cary Hall 1 18 Ward 11 vs Cary Hall 2
Debris Picture Sittings
THURSDAY, OCTOBEai 21 THURSDAY MORNING 8 :00 Pyke, Elizabeth 8:06 Ristow, Lorene 8 ;10 Schafer, Mary h. 8:16 Swaynie, Ivah 8:20 Wynn, Mary 8:25 Mytinger, Mary G. 8:30 Bade, F. P. 8:36 Eiffert, W. T. 8 :40 Ewing, P. B. 8:46 Fateh, W. G. 8:60 Fatout, R. C. 8:65 Favorite, J. R. 9:00 Fearheiley, G. F. 9:06 Spaulding, Isahelle 9:10 Denny, E. C. 9:16 Conway, J. G. 9:20 Gragg, R. E. 9:26 Busby, J. A 9:30 Anning, J. H. 9 :86 Jewett, Kathleen 9:40 Gault, C. W. 9:46 Glenn, J. K. 9:60 Green, R W. 9:66 Guyer, W. H. 10 :00 Garrott, J. F. 10:06 Glassman, 1 10:10 Golden, N. F. 10 :16 Gray, R. N. ”■ 10:20 Gregory, S. M. 10:26 Greiner, J. W. 10:30 Greiger, H. E. 10:36 Hambridge, T. C. 10 :40 Hammond, J. W. 10:46 Fifield, W. H. 10:60 Filstrup, E. C. 10:65 Foban, M. J. 11:00 Fong, Y. K. 11:06 Forster, A. H. 11:10 Frame, T. B. 11:16 Fredericks, J. W. 11:20 Freeman, J. K. 11:25 Gallup, E. E. 11:30 Gamso, N M. 11:36 Gannon, M. T. 11:40 Gardner, G. N. 11:46 Garner, J. F. 11:60 Lee, J. F. L.
THURSDAY AFTERNOON 12:60 Gardner, L. 12:66 Trueblood, Miriam V. 1:00 Weishaar, P. 1:06 Saebun, Jean 1:10 Klemme, Katherine 1:15 McLeod, Lorna 1:20 Gans, William 1:26 Glade, Arnold 1:30 Grant, A. R. 1:36 Halstead, C. E. 1:40 Goodman, D. J. 1:46 Hildebrand, G. E. 1:60 Hockman, R. W. 1:66 Hokanson, A. H. 2:00 Wuelfing, Emily 2:06 Slulby, Virginia 2:10 Pendergrass, Fay 2:16 Goory, Jack 2:20 Griffiths, S. R. 2:26 Holdeman, R. L. 2:30 Horan, J. F. 2:36 Hauke, H. 2:40 HannsJi, P. E. 2:46 Harvey, C. F. 2:60 Hast, J. J. 2:66 Haynes, A. O. 3:00 Hunt, Myron C. 3:06 Hunter. W. C. 3:10 Imel, J. W. 3:16 Isbell, Cecil V 3:20 Isbell, Cody ^ 3:26 Irvin, J. O. 3:30 Henry, H. S. 3:36 Herman, G. L. 3:40 Jackson, J. S. 3:45 Jewett, E. W. 3:60 Jones, JE. E. 3 :66 Jones, W. W. 4 :00 Kerber, Gordan H. 4:06 Kettle, R. A 4:10 Kimmell, J. H. 4:16 Kirkpatrick, J. B. 4 :20 Klein, E. J. 4:26 Knorr, W. W. 4:30 Tubbs, Emily 4:35 Korty, E. W. 4 :40 Krause, Harry 4 :46 Kreigbaum, J. R. 4:60- Kurtz, Wayne 4 :65 Kuzmitz, V. J. 6:00 Lowe, L. D.
ALL WOOL SWEATERS 99c Twin Sets—Cadet and Bolslo Styles ‘ $1.95 - $2,95 VAL-U DRESS SHOP
FOR SALE Man’s large Raccoon coat, special tailor made from 100% matched skins at a cost of $700.00. Will sacrifice for $225,00. M. E. MOGG 945 N. Davidson St., Indianapolis, Indiana ^
* "'vI
p
L
J - n yr
’ '%?'f •
j''m
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, October 20, 1937
Exponent Ahead Of Collegiate Publication Field
GRIN AND BEAR IT
ByLkhty
By J. E. Brock Managing Editor That the Exponent is considerably ahead of the pack is something we learned at the AGP convention last week m Chicago. Features that the Exponent has had for some time vere discussed in awed tones by the 500 odd delegates from college publications all over the country. Use of “flush left” headlines in place of centered or staggered headlines was spoken of as the new and coming thing at the three-day confab. College editors dared each othei to make the change. Others mentioned proudly the fact that they
had changed to the new headlines at the beginning of this year. Old Stuff The Exponent adopted the “flush left” heads \wo years ago, following the earlier lead of the Daily Northwestern which really introduced the new style to commercial newspapers as well as the collegiate press. Old stuff, we say. Discontinuance of “cut-off” lines between stories was also discussed as a coming thing in newspapers. Again, the Exponent can laugh up its sleeve. It has been using eightem dashes instead of full column cutoffs for the past ten years and this summer had eliminated cutoffs
or dashes entirely. Old stuff, we say. Increased Legibility Spacing between paragraphs of stories was also suggested as a way to increase the legibility of the newspaper. The Exponent started to space its paragraphs last summer. Again we say, old stuff. Superiority of Bodoni headline types over the old fashioned Gothics and Cheltenhams was emphasized in the sessions, and a mere mention was made of the fact that the Bodoni types were themselves passing out in favor of the newer Gothics. The Exponent adopted the Bodoni headline schedule in 1933 and then
abandoned it last summer in favor of the newest headline type Linotype has designed—Erbar. Old stuff, again. New Ideas Many ideas new to the Exponent were discussed, however; we will admit that. We’re going to experiment with them, try them out, get your opinions on them, keep the Exponent ahead. So don’t be surprised some morning to find a radically different Exponent on your doorstep. It will be just an experiment designed to improve the paper, to make it better suited to your needs and more pleasing to your eye.
Truckin', Peckin' -- (Cpntinued from page 1)
left.’' The music stops. “Hold it!” Have you ever seen a funnier bunch of chickens ? Peckin’, my word, any hen would be ashamed to peck like that. ‘Cut that Apple’ directs the dancers to go into a double Charleston and pirouette to face out from the circle—repeat and face in. Suzy-Q Tl\en there’s the Suzy-Q. Feet together, body leaning to the right, and hands clasped in front, the dancer moves his toes, then his heels in a rhythmic twisting movement similar to that of a snake slithering away. Where did tihs energetic, breathtaking dance originate ? According to Arthur Murray, famous dancing teacher, it’s birth ivas in the University of South Carolina. Some of the students got the idea from the dancing in a negro night club in Columbia, South Carolina. They brought it back, developed it into a dance, named it for the night club, and the Big Apple was launched on its meteoric course. Prostration Indicated The dance combines the best features of a square dance, swing music, and the good old gospel meetings. If you have the power of a steam engine, the wind of a deep sea diver and the legs of a Don Lash, you can dance the Big Apple. Any number of couples may participate in the fray. With a good caller, a prostrating time may be had by all. Swing your partners, men, and let’s show them the Big Apple on Purdue’s campus.
New Cadet Officers--
(Continued from page 1)
Smith Medals in recognition of their rank by D. T. Canfield of the faculty military committee. Luncheon Committee The following committee made the arrangements for the luncheon, and is in charge of all smokers and luncheons for the year: Seniors, cadet major W. H. Barry, general chairman; cadet captain R. E. Johnson, cadet first lieutenants W. E. Wilhelm, B. S. Markel, and R. J. Craig. Junior members are: cadet staif sergeant D. W. Clugston, cadet second lieutenants H. M. Behrens, E. J. Wadley, W. K. Millholland, and R. H. Heine. Pictures of last summer’s life at the Officers’ Training Camp at Ft. Knox will be shown at a smoker on October 27, which the senior ROTC officers will give for the juniors. Dr. Steer To Preside Over Speech Correction Meeting Of Indiana State Teachers Prof. M. D. Steer, head of the speech clinic, will preside over the speech correction meeting for Indiana teachers of speech in Indianapolis tomorrow. This meeting is a part of the program of the State Teachers’ Convention which will be held there tomorrow and Friday. A report by Dr. Steer and E. K. Jerome surveying the speech correction facilities in colleges, elementary, and secondary schools in Indiana will be presented and dis-
cussed.
Other members of the speech department attending the Indianapolis meeting are Dr. A. H. Monroe, li. S. Winch, R. E. Horn, E. K. Jerome and James Maddox.
Freshman Debaters To Try Out Monday Tryouts for the freshman varsity debate squad will be held next Monday in room 301, University Hall at 4 p. m. All applicants will be required to give a five minute talk on the subject, “Resolved: That the National Labor Relations Should be Empowered to Enforce Arbitration of all Industrial Disputes.” During the past year of competition the freshman squad competing w'th varsity squads only, won over half of its debates. Out of the ten men chosen last year for the freshmen squad, five m^m have made this year’s regular varsity squad. They are: J. A. Curtis, H. F. Fischburn, M. M. Karliowsky, J. Singer, and J. C. Swan-
University Notices
No Noticea Accepted After 8 p. m.
WAA Hockey: Regular class practices everyday until October 23, when class teams will be announced. Each girl must have eight practices. —DOBSON.
Scabbard and Blade: Meeting of all members October 30, at 7 p. m. in room D of the Union Building —BAALS.
Bridge Enthusiasts: Sign up for free bridge lessons in the Union office any time before October 21. First lesson will be October 21 at 7 :15 p m. in the game loom of the Union Building. —MATTHEWS.
Christian Foundation Students: Tickets for Halloween skating party sponsored by P,urdue Christian Foundation, to be held October 30, are now on sale Marshall Allman has charge of ticket sale. - CRISS.
Knitting Club: Meeting changed to Octo ber 20 at 4 p m. in room F. Contestants bring their knitting. —WOOD.
Purdue Student Alliance: Important busi ness meeting for reorganization October 20, 7 :30 p. m., room B of the Union Building. All members please attend. —BUCKLES.
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. EbershoIF, 605 Main street.
IV^ny responsible manufacturers are seeking new lines of products to supplement their present line of productions. We are interested in receiving suggestions. Have you an article to oifer ? In your reply state clearly the nature and purpose of your article, material used, has the article been patented or is it patentable, what investigations have you made for the purpose of proving the economical necessity for the article you have to offer? If we are interested in the article you have to offer, we will communicate with you; otherwise no reply will be made to your letter. Address: Wisconsin Manufacturers’ Association, First Central Bldg., Madison, Wisconsin.
FOR RENT—Student room, single beds. Private entrance. 127 Sylvia. Phone 3989.
LOST—Ladies white gold wrist watch in Union Building October 10. Reward. Call 3819.
WAA Fencing: Practice October 20 at Women’s Gym, 4 p. m. —DANIEL.
Playshop: Any person desiring part in major productions for the coming year try out at 7 :30 p. m. October 19 and 20. —DIETRICH.
Chi Epsilon: All pledges must pay their initiation fee to me by October 23. —SHEETS. Hockey Managers: L Gabler, G Walker, M Campbell, and J. Bailey meet in WAA office October 22 at 5 p. m —DOBSON.
Agriculturist Try-onts: All students interested in working on the Agriculturist staffff report to the Agriculturist office in the Union Building at 7 :30 p. m. October 21. —PARKINSON.
Industrial EducatiQn Society: Supper meeting in Union cafeteria at .5:46 p. m. October 20. Junior Industrial Education students invited. —MOORE.
Sophomore Debate Managers: Meeting in debate office October 21 at 4 p m —HINER
Fraternity Athletic Managers: Return all cross country eptry blanks to Intramural office by October 23 —CLEVETT.
Catalyst Club: Formal pledging October 20 at 7 ;30 p. m at the Kappa Sigma house. All members and pledgs must be there —BOWMAN.
Co-ed Hockey: Open practice October 20 and 22 for all classes. Each girl must have seven practices in order to get her WAA points. —DOBSON.
Alpha Zeta: Meeting in Memoiial Union Building October 20 at 7 :30 p. m. —UNDERWOOD.
Glider Club: Meeting October 21 in Union at 7 :30 p m. Absentees will be fined. —MOORE. Junior ROTC Athletic Officers: Important meeting of I^attery athletic officers in
Cadet Officers room October 21 at 4 :10 p m. —ANTUeSHKO.
Senior ROTC Athletic Officers: Meeting in cadet officers’ room October 21 at 4 p.m. —ANTUeSHKO.
Scabbard and Blade: There will be a meeting of all members October 20 at 7 p. m. m room D of the Union Building. —BAALS.
Co-ed Swimmers and Triton Club: No swimming October 21 from 7 :30 to 9 :30 p.m. because of Vocational Guidance Conference. —walker.
WAA Riflcry: No practice October 20. —CHRISTENSON.
• Purdue
Exponent
Service
Directory
— Bookstores —
— Hardware —
SOUTHWORTH^S Ev^^rything for the Purdue
Student
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE PAINTS FLOOR WAX J. SPERB HDW. 822 MAIN
“DEAC”
• Everything for a
College Education H. G. REISNER
— Beauty Studio —
• EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE
PROFESSIONAL
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL. A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
4th & Main Phone 5701
• Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri. KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO 662 Main Phone 7727
—■ Furniture —-
Student Equipment
J-WinJluM Qo. 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
Playshop Make-Up Committee: Impoitant meeting October 22 at 4 p. m —GILLESPIE.
Students’ Bible Class: Meeting October 20 in loom A of the Union Building at 7 p.m Rev. Ainslee will speak on the subject “Eight Facts That Prove the Bible to be the Word of God.” —BURBRINK.
Animal Husbandry Students: Meeting of the Animal Husbandry Club in the reception room of the Memorial Union Building at 7 :30 p. m. October 20. Meeting open to all students interested. —DOUGLAS.
Co-Operative Book Exchange Members^: Stop at the Wesley. Foundation October 20
‘A listener just called—he said the fudge recipe sounded so good, could he come down and lick the pan ?”
between 7 and 8 p. m. to see if your books have been sold. —LUDBERG.
Debris Sales Staff: Meeting October 20 at 4 p. m Report to Debris office and bring all sales slips. —SIEBENT-HAL.
Union Sophomores: Will members of my committee report to the Union workroom any time after 1 p. m. October 20. —MASON.
Co-ed Bowling: The women’s bowling tournament will be postponed until October 28 beci4use of Vocational Guidance Meeting. —COFFMAN.
Union Sophomores: Will my committee repoit to the Union workshop at 4 p. m. October 20 to begin Military Ball decora-
tions. Important.
-SAMUELSON.
Activities Bureau; Will all organizations who have not returned activity bureau questionnaires please do so by October 22. —JACOBSON.
Union Workers: All girls I'eport to Union office at 4 p. m. October 20. —WOOD, COFFMAN.
Union Sophomores: Will our committees please report to the Union office at 4 p. m. October 20. —CABONARGI, JACOBSON, MASON.
Union Sophomores: Will our committees please report to the Union workshop at 4 p. m. October 20. Important. This is the last day for sophomores to report. —TAYLOR, MILLHOLLAND.
NEW DIFFERENT
StfiscunUmd.
New, different, in every respect—and one more issue, too. The Exponent is streamlined. It's probably the first college daily newspaper to take such a forward step. And speaking of steps, how about having it mailed to the steps of your home? Let the folks back home know that Purdue is aggressive. What it is doing. It'll como in handy (especially if you hate to write letters). Deac's, Southworth's, and the Union Desk will take your subscription. It's only $3.50 mailed in the U.S.