The Weather \ Cloudy and continuad cod'today; tomorrow generally fair and warmer.
U M m wi ■■ ■■ IrUrdUG
Z-18S
Exponent
Ceiiyo Tonidfit
S«e “Inside N«sa CksfF** many” at Conroeatidm tdnight in Memorial Gym, ^
WEDNESDAY
April 19, 1939
Lafayette, Indiana
VoLSO
H0,m
Purdue Nine Beats Iowa In Opener, 4-1
Bryan Will Show Nazi Films Tonight At Convo
Bailey Holds Hawkeyes To Three Hits; Riveters Hit Well With Men On Bases Dutch Fehring’s baseball team, bent on weaving a conference pennant during the 1939 diamond season, got off to a flying start toward its goal yesterday at Iowa City by defeating the Hawkeyes 4-1 behind the three hit pitching of sophomore Bob
Bailey.
Woodruff Randolph, labor Authority, Will Speak This Morning Woodruff Randolph, national secretary of the International Typographical Union £t»d labor authority, will talk to Dr. Walter’s Industrial Relations class this morning at 10 in room 108 of the Mechanical Engineering Building. Any person interested in labor problems may attend this lecture as it is not closed to members of the class. A finished lawyer, Randolph changed his interests to the printing trade, learning the business from the ground up. Through his position in the Union, one of the best organized in the country, he has been able to observe the methods of the CIO and is well qualified to talk on this organization. In his talk, Randolph will cover the outlook of labor and labor leaders toward present day conditions. He believes that labor leaders are not theorists but base their actions on actual facts. Wabash River.. . . . once again is threatening to completely overrun its banks because of the last five day’s heavy lainfall. Last night the river stood at 21.20 feet rising .07 of a foot from yesterday noon. The North river road was under water at the Wabash Valley Sanitarium yesterday, but the road was still open at Lincoln Lodge.
However the Boilermakers were able to collect but three safe bingles during the fracas. The telling factor was Purdue’s ability to hit with runners on base and also its ability to take advantage of Iowa’s errors afield. I Purdue dreikr first blood when in the second inning Captain Thompson walked, took second as Kurtz also walked, and raced home when pitcher Bailey’s roller was juggled by Prasse, of Iowa. In the third inning, Purdue grabbed a couple of runs when two base on balls, a fielder’s choice, and singles by MackieWicz and Thompson, the latter’s coming with the bases loaded, counted Lyboult and Mackiewicz. In the eighth, Mackiewicz again crossed the plate after doubling, stealing third and counting on Thompson’s fielder’s choice. Sophomore Bailey, making his first start, was never in serious trouble, walking only three and striking out five.
At Mixer Saturday Dean Hudson and his Southern swingsters from the University of Florida will play for Saturday evening’s regular dollar mixer from 9 to 12 in the Union ballroom. Hudson is making his second appearance on the campus; he played for another mixer last month. The entire band is made up of college men, and each member is a vocalist. Many of the arrangements are of the “Fred Waring” type with members of the band acting as the chorus. The band has gained popularity playing at Southern schools
^Mikado’Opens Tomorrow Night Stage Crew Designs Price is Reduced For
Coiorfui Jap Setting Finishing three years of work for Playshop, Shorty Miller with the help of his crew of 17 co-workers, is making a final splurge in the “Mikado” stage setting producing one of the most novel sets ever seen in Fowler Hall. It is unusual in that it follows the style^'tjfJapanese art; the flats being made to look like two-dimen-sional, pictorial screens rather than the three dimensional scenes usually used. Color runs rampant throughout. One of the features is a robin’s egg blue Japanese bridge which occupies the center of interest. The background is an enlarged Japanese mountain scene on which the changing colored lights play Chuck Graham, who is also responsible for the mountain scene lent his touch by creating trees with drooping celophane leaves in bright hues.
Kappa Beta...
. . . national honorary society for girls active in the Christian Church, installed the following officers Monday afternoon at a meeting in room F of fthe Union: president, Helen Rees; vice-president, Fima Hollingsworth; reporter, Mary Criss; secretary, -Alice Laugheed; treasurer, Bose Marie Clodfelter.
Cameraman
Julian Bryan
World Peace Crisis
1,400 Reserved Tickets One of the surprises of the year! Tickets for the present Varsity show “Mikado” are on sale at the West Desk of the Union, desk by the Sweet Shop, in University Hall, Fowler Hall, and from salesmen wearing Golden Mikado band, for the sum total of 60 cents. Fourteen hundi’ed seats will be reserved and do not include sections of the house where the view is obstructed. The show sarts tomorrow night, and these tickets are available for all three nights. The play is a Gilbert and Sullivan satire on court days of the Victorian period in England. The cast, the largest ever to be assembled for any production here at Purdue, uses a defiinite “Bond Street” accent throughout the play. The production is divided into twio acts with a singing chorus of 40 voices, a dancing chorus of 10, and nine leads. The pony chorus which made its appearance in the Black and Tan Fantasy is featured in five numbers. Show of the Year The production has been called the show of the year by the Columbia Broadcasting System. The present motion picture production that has Kenny Baker, singing tenor, for its star, has been featured as the picture of the week by Life magazine.
Students who feel a concern for world peace in the present crisis will have an opportunity to voice their opinions tomorrow at a noonday discussion meeting following an address by Mr. William Lloyd at 11 a. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. Eleven o’clock classes will not be dismissed for students to attend the peace lecture by Mr. Lloyd tomorrow morning, stated President Elliott last night. Students missing from 11 o’cldck classes will be marked absent as usual. Mr. Lloyd, who is a graduate of Antioch College in economics, will have as his subject “Peace and the New Frontier.” Since February 15, 1938, he has been director of the Campaign for World Organization and now also is editor of “World Federation Today.” After the meeting in Fowler Hall a noon-time fast and discussion meeting is scheduled. Money saved each student by not buying lunch may be contributed to help defray the expenses of bringing the speaker to the campus. The committee in charge of the “Protest Against War” meeting invites all students who have strong feelings on the world situation to attend the discussion regardless of their ideological position. The sponsoring group, student Peace Committee, IS a sub-committee of the Purdue Religious Council. lU Women's Club Entertained At Tea Fifty members of the Indiana University Women’s Club were entertained at tea by the Purdue club yesterday from 3 to 5 at WRHNorth. Mrs. R. N. Graney entertained with harp music for the 460 wonv en in attendance at the meeting. A tour of the hall was made and a display of flower arrangements was on exhibit. Prizes were awarded for the three best arrangements. The display was judged for originality, design distinction, and relation of the flowers to the contain-
Party
Pictures showing the present turmoil in Germany will be shown this evening in the last convocation of the year, when Julien Bryan, international photographer and extensive traveler, shows pictures in the Memorial Gym at 8 p. m. that he recently took while he was in the foreign country. All passports will be honored and tickets will be on sale to townspeople at 50 cents apiece. ’’ Bryan has traveled in practically every foreign country and taken pictures while there. The pictures tonight will be shown with professional equipment in a professional manner it was announced last night by Prof. P. T. Gunn, in charge of convocations. Ten Reels A group of 10 reels will be shown entitled “Inside Nazi Germany,” revealing the actions of the “Nurnberg Party Congress,” the agricultural industry, the German Jews, Nazi social organizations and propaganda, and the Christian church ,^in Germany. Bryan recently said “I have learned one thing from my travels: that whatever the dictators and militarists of the world may desire, the vast majority of the populations, the common people like ourselves, want peace and are bitterly opposed to war.” R. Stewart Talks To
Scabbard And
Scabbard and Blade held their annual initiation banquet last night at Lincoln Lodge. Controller R. B. Stewart spoke before the old members and 31 newly initiated men on “Some Implications of Trade Barriers.” He took up the principal phases of interstate barriers in the comparison with the Balkan states’ barriers. R. M. Sasser acted as toast master and introduced the speaker and Colonel D. M. Beere who made a short talk. In the Colonel’s talk he announced that in a few years he hoped to choose junior advanced students more on their merits and their ability to become competent officers. ^ Alpha Zeta Forum Discussion Centers On Ag Employment More than 200 agricultural upperclassmen gathered in the Uiiion last night to hear and discuss the employment outlook at the Alpha Zeta sponsored forum. Three phases of agricultural employment received attention from authorities in the respective fields. Di*. E. C. Young- of the University farm management department discussed opportunities for the men who desires to return to the farm. The third topic, opportunities in industry and commerce, was discussed by Paul Riley, local hatcheryman and district sales director for Allied Mills. Frank discussion of the possibilities offered in vamous fields iij light of present economic conditiops was met with eager student approval and numerous questions. The sponsoring organization, Alpha Zeta, is an all agricultural scholastic, service honorary.
All Committee Chairmen Named; 35t Votes Cast (See Open Letter on Page 2) Jerry Hinshaw and his whole party were swept into oflice in yesterday’s Purdue Independent Association elections. The new officers are: Jerry Hinshaw, president; E. Jayne Meyer, co-ed executive; Carl Lutz, vice-president; Rolfe Jenkins, tr^surer, and Betty Lou Jakes, secretary. A record vote of 351 was cast, representing a 62 per cent increase over that of last year.
Unofficial reports indicated that
Hinshaw’s party got about a 150 vote majority, although a large percentage of the ballots were cast as split tickets. PlA’s Board policy is
not to anpounca voting results. In a meeting last night at 7:30
p. m. in the PIA office following the elections, the following students were appointed positions on the Board. The appointments were made by both last year’s board and
this year’s elected officers.
Campaign chairman, J. A. Due, ME ’41; political chairman, J. T. Flanagan, Ag ’40; men’s activities chairman, W. D. Knepper, Ag ’41; women’s social chairman, Allison Lilly, Sc ’40; men’s social chairman, S. R. Wells, ChE ’40; women’s activities chairman, Mary Glenn Yeager, HE ’40; and publicity chairman, G. J. Tafel, ME ’40. These seven chairmen, in addition to the five elected officers will form the PIA Board for the coming year. The entire new board will be introduced and welcomed during the first part of the intermission of PIA’s Spring Formal Dance Friday night.
Petitions... . . . for staff departmental heads for the coming production “Journey’s End” must be in by 5 p. m., today at Playshop office according to an announcement last night by Jack Miller, new technical director. Committees on lights, costumes, makeup, effects, art, and an assistant stage manager will be chosen. Any Playshop member having the required 3.5 index scholarship may petition.
Springgate Wins Hanley Contest; 250 Hear Talks Fensfermaker Takes Second Place Honors Richard Springgate, sophomore chemical engineer, last night won the third annual Hanley Speech Contest speaking on the “Government Wealth Sharers” before an audience of over 250 persons in Eliza Fowler Hall. Ward Fenstermaker, senior PSE, was runnerup with his talk on “Business in Politics.” / t Springgate showed the audience that the profit-sharing corporations in the country today should be encouraged and that this plan should be extended to other companies. He pointed out that the bill now in Congress being pushed by Senator Vandenberg would destroy the advantages of this plan instead of extending them. Other speakers and their topics were Robert Sheckell, “Measure of Man;” Gordon Belles, “The Demands of Labor;” Joseph Yamamoto, “Ballast for the Business Balloon;” Bert Bohlin, “Lawmaker’s Labor;” Irving Smulevitz, “Labor’s Racket;” and Robert Sasser, “Eco-
nomic War.”
Professor A. H. Monroe, of the speech department, announced the winners and presented the prizes, $50 to Springgate and $20 to Fen-
stermaker.
Dr. Straus Speaks To Seniors Large Group Of Men. Woman Physidan Talks
Hears Marital Ledure
Dr. Elizabeth Straus, Chicago physician, addressed about 500 eds, a record crowd, in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building yesterday afternoon in the last of the marital lecture series sponsored by the University. A ePpy of Dr. Straus’ talk yesterday afternoon to the men is available at the University Library. Reading a paper on a girls development from babyhood to adult age, Dr. Straus traced the emotional, economic, and social growth of an average girl. She explained how a girl’s outlook on the world does change, both emotionally and economically as she grows older. A young woman’s fears, hopes, and and expectations were discussed by Dr. Straus, in order that the men might better understand a girl’s reactions toward her changed life after marriage. After talking for an hour, Dr. Straus answered questions asked by the eds. Her advice to one worried male who asked how to treat a bride, was “be gentle and considerate, but FIRM.” This was Dr. Straus’ sixth visit to Pm-due as a marital lecturer. She is a prominent woman physi-’ cian in Chicago, is married, and the mother of three children.
Before Co-eds tn Union Dr. Elizabeth Kale Straus, woman physician from Chicago, talked to 125 senior women about “Marriage as a Normal Relationship” last night in the women’s lounge
of the Memorial Union.
“Social Hygiene” will be the topic of Dr. Straus’ talks to the ftreshman women in their personal living course. University co-eds desiring a conference with this authority, either individual or in small groups, may contact Prof. Marion Russell of the Physical Education
Department for Women.
The fourth in this series of marital lectures sponsored by WSGA will be held Thursday, April 20, at 7 o’clock in the women’s lounge of the Union. Dr. Frances Hannett, of the University of Chicago, will discuss “The Emotional Side of. Marriage,” according to announcement of Betty Jo Sexton, WSGA chairman of marital lecture series^
Pi Kappa Alpha...
. . . social fraternity announces the election of the following oflScers: J. W. Benjamin, Marion, president; JT, H. Amt, Indianapolis, vice president; M. E. Overback, Huntingbui^, treasurer; H. E. Eberhard, Angola, secretary; D. W. Miller, Elkharti house manager; W. W. EUsworth.
Hxintingburg, marshal.
mi ^ ’f ^ y J I‘ \ ^ ^ “ y I ^ ^ i ^
£dihfdaL
THE FDBDUE EXPONENT
J^udtVUlA.
Wednesday, April 19, 1939
j»^4
An Open Letter To PIA's New Officers Dear Officers: First, we would congratulate you, President Jerry Hinshaw, and the rest of your winning slate. Your record, and the records of your running mates, lead us to believe you will accomplish something next year. Yesterday 351 Purdue Independent Association members elected you to guide their organization during the next year ... an increase of 62 per cent over last year. Independent students have certainly indicated greater concern in their parent organization by this record vote. It is your job to make PIA help these same students, and also those who did not vote, more than it has ever done before. It is our belief that colleges are meant not only to educate the mind with books, but also to develop and better the student’s personal- ^ ity and character. This is certainly a duty of PIA, for unorganized students, especially in smaller houses, cannot receive the socializing influence offered by the fraternity . . . often so valuable in today’s business world. True, your organization cannot take every unorganized student under its wing and make him a better man . .. but it can help in many ways. Your Purdue Ward Association has recognized this by sponsoring trade dinners and dances among co-ed houses. Next year this program might include students housed by two’s and three’s in private homes. “Sure, I’d like to be in an activity, but I never went out for one in my freshman year, and it’s too late now,” is a common complaint of the independent student. Fraternities push their freshmen into activities, and more independent students might enter these same activities if they were personally invited to participate. This should be your duty, working in cooperation with the Activities Bureau. Of course, we expect no student to enter an activity, or remain in one, if he is not interested in his work. Your plan for a cooperative organization between merchants and members has deflnite possibilities. Its success is dependent upon your enthusiasm.
the Purdue Exponent BnteMd mm Meond ebuw matter at the port offlee la Lafayette, Indiana, under tiia aet of ConslreaB of Mareh 8, 1879, and at the apeolal rate of poetase prorlded for in aeetion 1108, aet of Oetober 8, 1917, aothorlaed Jannary 20, 1928. iniblbbcd dally except Monday dnrlnar tlm resrnlar aeademle year and wedkly dnrlnK tbe Snnnner Seaslon. Dellrered locally by carrier for fS.09 per year, mall anbacrlptlon $8.50. Editor-Xn-Chief. H. I. Stanback Business Manager R. R. Hensler CO-BD StAFF Editor Sally McKee AsBoeiate Editota Joy Johnson, Georareann SehiUin$r, Bet^ Wiekard SPOBTS STAFF Edltor___ K. L. McDonald AsBoclate iMitors J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R. J. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Bnildini;, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Exponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 818 North Fifth Street, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6038 SPORTS OFFICE Fnrdne Fieldhouae, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2798
PUBLICATION STAFF
Manasrlny EditorCity Editor-
L. S. Hartfn _D. A. Bailey Associate Editora G. W. Frederick, E. C. Bbnston, R. E. Inaley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrlo, J. C. Woodson Sophomore Asaistants—R Ahlf, R Beer, R DeHoog, R. Donahue, P Ganzar, D. Heiple, R Howard, C Leber, R Massey, J McKee, C McKeighan, M Miera, M. Patterson, R Taylor, K Thompson, J. Willsey, AYates
BUSINESS STAFF
Assistant Bnsinesa Blanasrer Local AdvertislnR Manager Circulation Manager.... Sales Manager National Adrertiaing Manager Accounts ManagerArt Director
M. C. Reeree E. M. Antoniui W. F. Berg ^V. Daugherty H, W. Nevfn W. E. Smith _D. J. Henninger
RBPRKSKNTBD FOR NATIONAL flDVERTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publuhers Representative .420 Madison Ave New York N Y CHicAao Boston Los Angeles - San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edttor-ln-<^i(ff. Night Editor—Terrio Issue Editor—DcHoog Wednesday, April 19, 1939
Yours is a year-long job ... not only a job, but a duty towards the independent student. We wish you good luck in your plans for the future.—(D. G. T.)
Luther Will Talk At Meeting Of SAE In Union Building At the regular weekly meeting of the student branch of the American Society of Automotive Engineers tonight at 7:15 p m in room C of the Union, S. G. Luther, ME ’39, will speak on “Rubber Reclaiming ” He will illustrate his talk with a sound movie which is intended to last approximately 45 minutes Membei s of the student branch of the SAE will make their annual inspection tnp Thursday and Friday
of this week On their way they will stop at the Warner Gear Company plant in Muncie Thursday morning. They will then proceed to Dasrton, O, where they will spend the night Here they will visit the Wright Aviation Field outside of Dayton They will return here late Friday night
A new pop-drinking record Has been set at the University of Mississippi; Burns Deavors swigged 12 bottles in 29 minutes.
Airplane Club Will Meet This Evening Model Airplane Club will hold their second meeting this evening in the Student Union office at 7 o’clock Continuance of the discussion on an insignia and name for the club and the Model Airplane contest to be held May 14 will constitute the main part of the business.
LUMA — LAST DAY — PRESTON FOSTER SLIM SUMMERVILLE — IN — “UP THE RIVER"
— AND — EDMUND LOWE — IN — 'SECRETS OF A NURSE'
TOMORROW-FRIDAY and SATURDAY AKIM TAMIROFF _ in — 'KING OF CHINATOWN' — AND — BOB BAKER — in — "THE BLACK BANDIT"
ARC
—LAST DAY-
WA&a.AeB JHBCKeV HEEiY mmEU wtmimms Piaa fctg Ob show
— and —
ALSO ‘FLAMING FRONTIER”
THUR.-FRI.-SAT. LAWLESS VALLEY. FURY AND THE WOMAN FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS
LAST DAY
A-NEW UNIVERSAL PICTURE
GRIN AND KAR IT
Is your girl an icebox? ... Do what DICK DUNHAM did ... guess he couldn’t get anyplace with PAT HEURING so the nice boys from the DU house sends her a magazine ad showing a girl . . . and icebox . . and the above inscription. What’s the score now DICK?
FLASH! 144 quarts of whiskey just delivered to Heavilon Hall for Chem Annex . .. Last one there is a sissy! '
Best way for a girl to keep her youth: Get him young, treat him rough, and never introduce him t<5 another girl. We’re wondering what DENNIS and BILL STRONG were doing together in the Union Sunday .. while their respective steadies LARAMORE and ELEANOR MILLER were elsewhere. Speak out or forever hold your peace. It was all done at a Gamble . . . when JOE MILES pinned VIRGINIA WRIGHT. Just that old Monte Carlo atmosphere, boys. Out of the frying pan into the fire, JOEu
€m nWlvVBlMIVetitaniSfaltcsI^liM-
“1 want Gaston to look at you first—Gaston is our idea man!”
What a pity when such a crush ruins a good man . . ain’t that so Don (Rice, too).* Some sweet little chorine in the show has his heart and then some . . he wanted a front seat so jbad he called up all the people in front row to get a ticket .. . hear he’s still hasn’t found one. You’ll get over it, it’s only the spring atmosphere. Men species of thi^ campus are going to do all right for themselves
SOS Please plant more trees and shrubs around the Pi Phi house . house mother has too much opportunity for observing.
MARS
LAST DAY
Cagney Rides...Shoots...Kells!
HyMPHREY BOGART • ROSEMARY LANE
TOMORROW-FRIDAY JOHN GARFIELD exposes
And destroys forever the 'rottenest prison on eorth'l ROSEMARY LANE«STANL£Y FIELDS
ksAid
NOW SHOWING lEHSnMIllUy DIFFEIIEIIII
6lQff08tl|^ tnM fOdlAMIBl
in the next two weeks ... one co-ed bid, the Theta dance and the Alpha Clii brawl . . . Oh, how we love to hold on to that dollar (and the girl, too).
An SAE wants the Kappas to be more specific.
In the case of closely coupled oscillators or generators under certain conditions, the generator will oscillate at two different frequencies . . . goodbye.
PHONE 7903 Not a Picture
Famous Stage Play-
NEXT SAT., APRIL 22 MAT. and NIGHT STAGE SUCCESS OF CENTURY TORACCO ROAD •with. JOHN BARTON SEATS NOW! Box Office Open Daily 11:00 a. m. Look at These Prices! NIGHT $1 65, ?1 10, 83e MAT. $1 10, 83c, 55c (All Taxes Included)
<JGe£ iL hairL! You’ll be dry as toast in this new light weight trench coat. Come in and see it tpday. It’s a bargain at — $2-^8 OTHER VALUES Shirts—White and Colored 98c Slacks ! $2.98 Bush Coats $1.98 and $2.98 Sport Shirts—All Colors 98c RELIABLE CLOTHING CO.
224 Main Sh^eet
nione 5730
BE CORRECT! When you are wearing one of Rosenthal's full dress suits or Tuxedos, you have the self-assur-ance that you are faultlessly attired for evening Full Dress $27.50 Tuxedos $22.50 We will be glad to assist you in choosing proper accessories to match
HENSY ROSENTHAL CO.
322 Main Street.,. "’■' ■'‘'*^'f ' ' ' * [ ,-'* i ‘" t ' * '■ -^ ’ ‘ '
9?l'i
<ji
> ,
Wednesday, April 19, 1939
THE FDRDOE
EXPONENT
i‘'Sr
Reamer Club To Donate Bof®™'*'!*"* Ira*Teamfaas
Intramural Honor Award
By Rolfe Jenkins
Reamer Club, athletic booster honorary, in cooperation with the intramural department, will again make its annual award to the independent student who has achieved the most distinguished rating in athletics during the current school year. The highest rating is determined by consideration of both participation and success in athletics which are included on the varsity
program as well as intramural sports.
For the double purpose of increa-™
sing interest and recognizing ac-
complishment in athletics, the Reamer trophy, which will soon be on display in a store in the village, is given at the conclusion, of each school year. All independent students are eligible for the trophy. Students who wish to be considered are asked by the intramural department to turn their total points for the year into the intramural office as soon as possible. Points are awarded in the following way; five points for winning a major letter in either a major or minor sport; four points for a minor letter in either a major or minor sport; three' points for participation on a winning intramural team; two points for participation on a runner-up or second place intramural team, and one point for participation on any varsity or intramural team.
Greek Golf Tourney To Start This Week Competition in the interfraternity golf tourney will begin sometime this week with various fraternities fighting it out for a cup and medals awarded to individual members of the winning team, according to M. L. Clevett, intramural direc-
tor.
Each man will compete over nine holes, and the total number of strokes of the team members will be averaged to determine the winner. The smaller fraternities will compete one-third of their membership with the larger houses entering one-fourth of their membership. All matches will be played at the municipal golf course.
Team Faces Indiana State In Fieldhouse Soaked by the continuous rainfall of the past week, the weakened physical condition of the outdoor tennis courts has warranted the transfer of today’s season opener against Indiana State to the temporary court in the east end of the Fieldhouse. By mutual agreement of the two coaches, the match will be abbreviated to the playing of three singles and two doubles, with the action starting at 1 o’clock in the after-
noon.
Announced by Coach LaBree, the lineup for the Gold and Blacks will be as follows: Blitz, Fuente, and Jackson in the singles; in the doubles are Blitz and Hebbeler on one team with Mann and Alexander forming the other duet. Of the men Blitz, Fuente, Mann, and Jackson saw considerable action last
year.
Unless the weather man changes his habit of the last few days, the second match of the season, which is scheduled with Wabash on Friday afternoon, will also be played in the Fieldhouse.
'P'Men...
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE FllWE JEWELRY AT MODERATE PRICES
... an organization of lettermen, elected last night the following officers: Dick Johnson, president; Robert Vyverberg, vice-president; and Wendell Britt, secretary-treas-urer. Committees for Gala Week International “P” men, and the “P” men’s dance were also appointed.
Wayne U. Sataitlay; Coadi H. Phillips ill With Coach Herm Phillips confined to his bed for the next few days the track squad will enter the meet against Wayne University of Detroit at Ross-Ade Stadium Saturday under the direction of Howard Wilkening, freshman track coach. The squad has been doing its best to get in sufficient practice in spite of the weather during the early part of this week, aiming to overcome the handicap which the unaccustomed outdoor track gave them last Saturday. In the hurdles the biggest difference was apparent, as the distance in both ^ low and high hurdle events are twice the indoor distances. Weber, who has been steadily improving in the shot put, will be one of the mainstays in Saturday’s meet. He hopes to better the mark which he made last Saturday in the first outdoor meet of the season against Michigan State, where his distance was 47 feet 5 and one-half
inches.
Holderman, who won both the mile and half-mile last week, with seeming ease, and who is considered by Big Ten coaches as one of the future greats in his distances, is another dependable who will take a part in the meet. Ted Tycocki, who bettered 22 feet in broad jump at Michigan State expects to do better this week, as his injured leg is improving. According to records made up to this time the Wa3me University team, although well balanced in the track and field events, is not as strong as the Spartans.
DANGERII
YOUR TIME IS ALMOST UP
The last possible day upon which you may order your DEBRIS is Thursday, April 20.
P. S. Bdtteif Dnitrir!
Intersquad Grid Contestf Will Start This Afternoon Beginning this afternoon and continuing until the beginning of May, Coach Mai Elward will send his football squad through a daily game of regulation length. Elward hopes, by this action, to give all first year men as much experience as possible so that in the fall he will not be hampered in the very short practice time before the season begins by the selection of inexperienced —..I. I-1 men.
Greek First Round Bowling Matches To End Wednesday
First round matches in the interfratemity bowling tourney must be finished by Wednesday, M. A. Keller, intramural manager, announced yesterday. Score sheets should be turned in at the alleys signed by opponents. The four highest teams rolling for the championship Friday or Saturday will be notified. Medals and a cup will be awarded to the winning team. Each team will receive 25 participation points, with five extra points for the winner and three for the runner-up. Ten Fresh Fencers Awarded Numerals Ten Boilermaker freshmen were awarded 1939 fencing numerals yesterday, according to R. V. Finney, fencing coach. The following men received numerals: D. C. Anderson, R. F. Abell, H. S. Burl, C. Murray, C. R. Oakes, L, W. Park, D. W. Partridge, H. N. Redhead, M. I. Seltenright, and S. S, Udell. Intramural Schedule
FRATEKNITY BASEBALL-TODAY Diamond 1— Pi Kappa Alpha vs Lambdh Chi Alpha. 2— Phi Delta Theta vs Beta Theta Pi 3— Delta Upsilon vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 4— Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Pi Kappa Phi 5— Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Phi Kappa. 6— Theta Chi vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. 7— Sigma Nu vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 8— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 9— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Phi Kappa Tau 10—Kappa Delta Rho vs. Alpha Tau Omega.
Although the ground was very sloppy, and the ball wet and difficult to handle, yesterday’s practice emphasis was still being laid upon passing. During last season, the Boilermakers had a backfield that ranked with the fastest in the entire country, and most of their touchdowns were made on long runs when the ball carrier had to outrun the other team. This same speedy backfield is back, and Elward hopes to combine with it a group of pas-
sers.
Passers Last year’s most consistent passer, Mike Byelene, is still the best on the squad, but Galvin and Mcllwaine, have been showing steady improvement and a reserve of ability. Both are battling for'positions on the team. Brock and Brown, outstanding ball-toters, also can be depended upon when necessary. Rankin, Britt, Thursby, Krause, and Mackiewicz are all dependable pass receivers with the experience of last year’s season behind them. Freshman pass receivers who will give these lettermen battles for positions are Combs, Sprowl, and Hillenbrand. Pistol Club Wins The Purdue Pistol Club won the Indiana State Championship meet held in Indianapolis Saturday, April 15, under the auspices of the Indiana State Rifle Association. The first team was composed of Captain Jim Newhall, M. A. Ahlvin, R. C. Becher, K. N. Kittenring, and J. A. Powell. This was the first shoulder to shoulder match fired this year, all the others having been postal matches.
Spring is Ahead
WOOL SPORT COATS ANO SLACKS These sport togs have a hearty campus air—and lots of smart individuality. You can select your jacket and trousers to suit your personal taste. Newest selection of fabrics. Wo6l Sport Coats $10.00 Slacks $3.95 to $7.50 DEWENTKR'S
4l^ Main
Phone 3801,1*-. !
■ I
Debris Will Close Sales Tomorrow Debris will close its 1939 sales tomorrow. Up to that time sales wall be made in the Union lobby at $5.00 per book. $1.00 deposits are now being taken. The Debris staff expects this year’s sales to exceed those of last year. Printing and engraving are about finished, and the staff is working day and night checking proofs and indexing the bopk. This yeai'’s book which contains about 460 pages, is celebiating the seventieth anniversary of Purdue University. The type face being used is quaintly old fashioned, w’lth pictures in gilt, oval frames The contrast between old and new is being used to emphasize
the new’.
43 Girls Attend National Theta Epsilon Conclave Theta Epsilon, Baptist sorority, held their National Convention here over the week-end. Twenty-four delegates were present from chapters in five colleges and 19 girls from the Purdue chapter. Among other affairs and meetings, the sorority held a formal dinner paity Saturday evening, a luncheon Sunday noon, and a party given foi the delegates and sponsors by the boys of the Roger Williams Club, Saturday evening.
^Cacal. (Ma, Philatelic Society Will Celebrate Second Year Of Organization Tonight
The Lafayette Philatelic Society will ceTebrate the second anniversary of its organization tonight at its regular meeting at 7:30 in the rooms of the Tippecanoe County Historical Society at 7th and Mam streets in Lafayette. Main feature of the vening will be distribution of the society’s second poster stamp. This stamp will advertise the third exhibit of the society, to be held September 22-24, and will commemorate the 80th anniversary of the world’s first official air mail
THE PiniDUE EXPONENT
^yiDiicsA.
Wednesday. April 19. 1939
Balloon “Jupiter
flight, from Lafayette to Crawfordsville on August 17j, 1856. The accompanying picture shows the central design of the postage stamp which is 2”x3” in size and printed in red and blue colors. All collectors are cordially invited to attend tonight’s meeting by the club and are urged to bring their trading stamps and want lists.
West Side Office 132 Vine St. Phone 7278 —NOW for pick-up.
Is the Right Time
To get out those last season’s lighter weight garments and have them cleaned and pressed, and made ready for all the coming events that are so soon to be here. You’ll want them then, so don’t be caught without being ready! AMERICAN - CLEANED clothes are Styled Right! They make you Look Right! Bring Yours In. Phone American! 3085 Dependable Dry Cleanera
r
the Purdue Exponent Service / Directory
• Bookstores
• jewelers
"DEAC" Everything ior • College Education H. G. REISNER
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHMAKER This Is eH we do, but w« do it weM. Opposite Poet Oitiee Wallace Blodc 322 Feny St.
• Professional
R. J. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St.
The Riik Dental Clinic PAUL A. RIMC—D.OX. HAROLD 1. RISK-4D.D4. LUTHER X. RISK—D.DX.
Schultz auHdbw
4h and Main Phone SWI
e Play Golf
• Florists
PLAY GOLF AT LINEE'S FIELDS / Students, employees of the University, and members of the Faculty can procure coupons at the Union Building and at the Fieldhouse at Special University Prices. -
Dorner's Flower Shop Quality Flewen Main at 7th Phone 6050
Trustees Open Bijls For New Furnishings Bids for equipment and furnishings for the new Music Hall and Auditorium as well as for the addition to the Memorial Union Building along with some additional equipment for the new Chemical Engineering Building, were opened and considered at the regular quarterly meeting of the Board of Trustees which began yesterday, SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPONENT
RADIO SERVICE—^For guaranteed reliable work call 45278. Herb Webb. MEMBERSHIP—^And admission tickets, cards, printed stationery, programs, ballots, office and social forms, etc. Kane’s Print Shop Phone 6206. 401 S. 29th St.
LOST AND FOUND LOST—Elgin wrist watch. Initials C.L.G. engraved Phone 61674. Reward $6 00.
FOR SALE FOR SALE—Golf clubs—three matched woods. Same as new Phone 6214.
Horticultural Club: Meeting will be Wednesday, April 19, at 7 p. m —APPLEGATE.
Ag Chem Club: Meeting Wednesday evening April 19, after the moving picture in the Horticulture Building. All members please be present. —HARPER.
Purdue Riding Club: Meeting, Thursday, April 20 at 7:30 p. m. in the Union office. —SUMMERS.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting Wednesday, April 19, at 4:16 in the WSGA office. —LEAMING.
Scrivener Subscribers: The following subscribers call at the ScAvener office any afternoon at 4 o’clock and receive their copies of the April issue: Buck, Zinsmeister, Johnson, Gordon, Cassman, Alburn, Page, Strong, Horwitz, Schnaible, Shock, Schafer, Gerstung, Kaplan. ^4-20) —PAARLBBRG. Scrivener Members: Those who have not delivered their shares of the April issue call at the Scrivener office Tuesday, April 18, or Wednesday, April 19, at 4 o’clock. —PAARLBERG.
Bridge Tournament: Tournament will be next Wednesday, April 26, not today —WILLIAMSON.
Riding Club: Horse back riding classes for women will be cancelled Tuesday and Wednesday, April 18 and 19. Thursday groups watch the Exponent for further notice. —CASE.
Classified Ads
MISCELLANEOUS
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main street.
Exponent Board: Due to conflict with the convocation the meetings originally scheduled for Wednesday night have been postponed until Thursday, April 20 Seniors will meet Thursday at 4 p m. and juniors will meet at 4 .30 p. m —STANBACK. Flying Cadets—The examining board will definitely be here to conduct the examination on May 24; any additional dates will be announced later. —MORSE Skull and Crescent: There will be a meeting of all Skull and Crescent members and pledges in the Stadium Thursday, April 20 at 7 30 p. m. —COLQUHOUN. Roger Williams Club: Meeting of Anderson deputation team Wednesday, April 19, at 4 :16 at 140 S Grant. —NELSON.
Trapshooters: Will all those interested in trapshooting please get in touch with me as soon asoiossible at 4031. (4-21) —COOPER. Bridge Players: Second qualifying rounds will not be played until Wednesday, April 26 It IS necessary for all who pla:^d m the tournament last week to play again in the second round to qualify for the semifinals .s-BORN. Independent Staff: Regular meeting in PIA Office Wednesday, April 19, at 7 p m All members be present. —TAFEL Beginning Modern Dance Group: Meet Tuesday, April 18, and Thursday, April 20, at 4 p m. at the Women’s Gymnasium. —KNIGHT.
Eta Kappa Nu: Rough initiation Wednesday, April 19, at 7 p. m. in the EE Building. —PARKER.
University Choir; Rehearsal Wednesday, April 19, at 4 p. m. instead of Tuesday, April 18. —STEWART.
Pan-Hellenic; Meeting Wednesday, April 19, at 4 p. m. in room F of the Union. Old council members please attend. —RAEBIG.
Dolphin Club: Bring pledging lists to meeting Wednesday, April 19, at 4 p. m. in the Pi Kappa Phi house. —CARR.
Modern Dance Group: Progiam committee meteing for dance symposium on Wednesday, April 19, at 7 p m. in Women’s Gymnasium. —HICKMAN.
Surveying; Examination for removal of conditions in CE 6 will be held in room 101, Civil Engineering Building, on Saturday, April 22, at 1 p. m. Permits to take exam must be obtained before April in room 102, CE Building. —LOMMEL.
Modern Dance Group: Practice Thursday, April 20, at 4 p m. in the Gym —HICKMAN.
Pi Tau Sigma—Important meeting Wednesday, April 19, at 4 p. m. in the conference room of the ME Building. All active members and pledges are urged to attend. —HARVEY.
WHEIIE MES HITLER eo FR0111 HERE? Nazi Bible, m the light o c news, the author interprets its tru meaning for the world in g^^e^ for Americans in particular.Hequotes Hitler in support of his conclusions. .?orasimplekeytoHM=r’spers»dity, aims and pit this week to page 23 and readBlueprint for Hell by IRA lEWEl-t WIlUAMS, 18.
21)10^ £hic a BRinSH (OX humi
IS THERE A STRAIN ON YOUR FAMY TIES?
iTiHlE
ARROW TIES ARE BETTER BUYS
SEE THIS WEEK’S POST
It was a nice trap Mrs. PenterbyCheadle arranged for the debs. “I thought Americans could do purred. “Why don t vou join us in a foxLnt ?’’... If yo««member what happened when Swing and Audrey “crashed” the Coronation, don’t miss this! View HolloaPronounced ^‘Holler’’by PAUL GALLICO
EGWxlehouse INVITES YOU h an hilarious six-week party ai (amongothers)^ jSx6tnck JdtatnDuut Fiftli Eatl of Icketiham man of bright entfiusiasms and the fresh,unspoiled outlook of a slightly inebriated undergraduate” CDurinv your visit AfrWpromms there toil!he a ^oda^al y utterly nonsensicalfuss made over.., <THE ‘PIGfKd'PI^ OF THAT EMINENT MEDAL-WINNING SOW " of P Begin this new serial on pagefi.veof)/our POST this week..
UncleFredintheSprin^me”
V I Tifini OCI MlllimB mm WmilflMili iMim ‘rm
WHY STALIN SHOT HIS GENERALS. Why were the leaders of the Red Army executed? And just when Hitler was supposed to be preparing for war? Now, for the first time, the true story is revealed. By the former head of Stalin’s secret service abroad. General W. G. Krivitsky.
“VD GET MARRIED—EXCEPT FOR MOTHER,” Henry said. But can young people in love wait forever? Read this short story by Curlin Reed, I Don't Know, Son. On page 18 of the Post. STRANGE SOS... ftom a ship’s radio operator 19 years old, in love and waiting
to die. Read about it in Song of Larnock, by Albert Richard Wetjen. ”1 LIKE BEING A PmMBER!” says Alfred L. Gehri. In Plumbing’s No Pipe, he shows you why it’s a career he’d recommend to young men... PLUS articles, short stories, editorials, fun and cartoons.
i/:a