■* , <VM'-~ l' '*f’’) " '■-, \ 4
/
It's the staff's turn to howl! In the Yellow Dog —Monday, Oct. 14.
Purdue Exponent Z-185 iBi
Let's gire the team m royal sendfoH tomorroir night!
Volume 52, No. 26
West Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, October 0, 1040
¥' 4
State Ag Extension All Out! Second Delmer Announces
Department Begins Meet With Banguet Dr. Charles C. Smith Guest Speaker At Annual Dinner Yesterday, the State Agricultural Extension Department began its three-day annual conference with Dr. Charles Copeland Smith, Chicago, as the gpest speaker at last night’s session. “The Future of America” was the topic of Dr. Smith’s address. “The United States, with its matchless resources and its,energetic populatioh of more than 131,000,000 people, has really just begun to develop.” President E. C. Elliott addressed the meeting in the afternoon, stating that the destf&ction of property as it is being done in nearly threequarters of the world is the greatest problem facing Americans today. Farm And Factory “The America of the future will find agriculture and industry—^farm and factory — marching forward ^ hand in hand,” said the speaker, each recognizing, as never before its dependence on each other; each finding in the other a great market for the ever-increasing products which raise the standard of living of all of the people. “When we look around at the comforts and the conveniences of 1940, we may well marvel at the progress already made under the American system of free private entei prise, of which the farm and the factory are essential parts,” said Dr. Smith. Well Attended The meeting is being attended by all county agricultural agents, home demonstration agents, assistant county agents, coiAmunity institute state speakers, and subject matter extension specialists. This conference aifords agricultuial and home economics extension workers and extension specialists an opportunity of discussing current problems and of holding “shop talk” sessions. Today’s session will include a discussion on some of the lecent developments in rural life affecting extension life. j.f.z. Phi Gamma Delta . . . social fraternity, announces the initiation of William Roth, Hammond; Robert W. Jones, West Lafayette; Jack E. Lowe, Chicago.
Pep Session Tomorrow The second pep session of the season will be held tomorrow afternoon, leaving the Union at 6 o’clock. Every student is asked to be present to cheer the grid team as it departs for Lansing, Michigan, to play Michigan State Saturday afternoon. Bill Delmer, yell manager, has charge of the session with the Reamers, Skull and Crescent and Gimlets lending support. The speaker’s platform will be erected at the Big Four station in Lafayette. A public address system will make the speeches audible to the crowd. The newly selected coed yell leaders will be presented for the first time. Phillip Thomas Will Speak At AIEE Forum Phillip Thomas, research engineer for Westinghouse Electrical and Manufacturing Company, will be guest speaker at an open meeting of the AIEE Monday, October 14, at 7:30 p. m. in room 129 of the
EE building.
Thomas will give a demonstrated lecture. He will discuss electrical appliances in general use in the , home and in industry. A special' feature of the program will be the demonstration and discussion of death rays used to protect life and to inspect tools for mechanical defects. Mr. Thomas will bring a oneman laboratory to the lecture with which he will demonstrate. Newman Club To Hold Picnic, Discussions Tomorrow evening at 4 p. m. the members of Newman Club will hold a picnic in the field back of the stadium, and all members are urged to attend. There will be a charge of 26c for refreshments. Reservations must be made before Thursday noon by calling Dot Goodman, secretary of the club. Discussion groups have been organized by the members of the Newman Club for the following eight weeks. This week they will meet in room 304 of the Union at 7:30 p.m. These meetings held every night will be devoted to ^the interests' of the various members. j.h.
Senior Women Will Compete In
Co-ed Yell Leaders For Coming Year Co-ed yell leaders for the coming sport year were announced last night by Bill Delmer, yell manager. They are Kae Weber, Penny Stuadt and Jean Barrett with Elaine Danner and Joan Collins as first and second alternates. The three regulars will be introduced to the students at the pep session tomorrow afternoon. Of the five selected only Kae Weber is a veteran at our games. According to the yell manager the most talented tumbler is Elaine Danner. Joan Collins is known to Lafayette sport crowds, through her leading of the cheering sections at Jefferson high school last year. A record turnout of twenty-three women answered the tryout call. The competition was keen among the aspirants and the yell managers were unable to make their final selections earlier. The co-eds have been carefully coached since the beginning of this school term. First they practiced at the Women’s Memorial Gym and later tumbled and yelled in the empty stadium. The new men yell leaders have not been selected but will be an- ■ nounced in Exponent within a week,
e.w.n.
Knapp Announces Record Enrollment In Extension Work Engineering extension classes at centers throughout the state, this year have the largest enrollment since the courses have been started, it was announced by W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of the Schools of Engineering, who is in charge of this
work.
At the East Chicago-Hammond center, 60 are taking their freshman year in engineering; 60 at Indianapolis; 36 are enrolled at Fort Wayne, and 24 at South Bend. The courses in drawing are being given in each city by local instructors. Instruction is offered in English, chemistry and mathematics by instructors working lUnder the direction of Indiana University. By arrangement ipade with the extension division of I. U. those who complete a year’s work in these subjects along with drawing may enter Purdue a year later with sophomore standing. m.j.f.
Sixth Prix de Paris Essay Contest W.W.Ehrhardf To Manage
Cunningham Drug Stores
Announcement was made today by Edna Wodlman Chase, editor of Vogue, of the Sixth Prix de Paris, Vogue’s annual career contest for college seniors. The purpose in sponsoring this contest is to give the college girls who have the ability to write and a flair for fashion a chance to prove themselves. This contest is a means for Vogue to add new talent to their editorial staff and offers a training in fashion reporting and feature writing which they should find immensely valuable, whether they win a prize or
not.
Seven Major Awards This year the contest offers seven major awards. First prize is a year’s position on the Vogue fashion staff. Second prize, which is a special Vanity Fair award, is six months as a feature writer on Vogue’s staff. This prize will go to the entrant who submits the most outstanding papers on non-fashion subjects, such as thqatre, art^music and literature. Winners who, during the award period, develop an adaptability to Vogue’s editorial needs will be given permanent positions on the staff. In addition, five cash prizes will be awarded for the best contest theses, which will be purchased for publication in Vogue. Besides the seven major prizes, “Honorable Mentjons” will be given to contestants w]hioee papers show unusual merit, honorable mention
winners will be interviewed for jobs by stores, advertising agencies and publications. Of the 60 leading entrants in the five previous contests, 40 are today following careers in a variety of fields dealing with fash-
ions.
Seniors Only s The entrants must follow the following rules, which are more completely explained in the latest issue of Vogue; Each entrant must be a member of the gra4uating class of 1941 in a United States college, which grants a recognized A.B. or B.S. degree. Each entrant must fill out an entrance blank, which Vogue will send you upon request. Each contestant must answer a series of four quizzes of eight questions each. The first quiz, based on the October 1st* and 15th issues, will be published in the November 1st issue of Vogue. The succeeding quizzes will apear in the issues of December 1st, January 1st and March 1st. Answer Four Quizzes Entrants will be required to send answers to all four of the quizzes. Those with passing marks will be eligible to submit a thesis in competttion for the-seven major awards and the honorable mentions. Sub- ^ jects for the theses will be announced in the March 15 and April 1 issues. The judges of the contest wiirbe the editors of Vogue and their decisions will be final. m.k.m.
Walter W. Ehrhardt, Pharmacy ’16, left Fort Wayne on October 7, for Detroit whfere he wilLbe stationed with‘the Cunningham chain of drug stores for three weeks, and will then take over the management of 43 stores this company recently purchased from the Marshall Drug Company in Cleveland. Ehrhardt was formerly employed for the past fifteen years with Myer Brothers Drug Company which operates a chain/of 16 stores in Indiana. Ehrhardt has been a regular visitor at the University during the annual Drug Conferences and has spoken on several occasions, l.w.r. Outing Club Will Hold Picnic, Hike Pine Park is to be^the site of the Outing Club picnic, Saturday, Oct. 12. The group will Jeave the armory at 12:30, and transportation and lunch will be furnished for the price of 60 cents. The park is located about 60 miles south of Lafayette near Sugar Creek and is an ideal spot for hiking among the hills, streams, and bluffs. Anyone may go by connecting Opal Blagrave or Majorie Ward before Friday noon. j.r.
Pan-Hell Opens Rush Period With First Meeting, Speech
Juniors To Claim Wisconsin Tickets Beginning today "and ending tomorrow juniors may exchange their passport coupons for reserved seat tickets for the Wisconsin game. Coujpon exchanges should be made at the Fieldhouse ticket office. Ticket exchanges for sophomores will be on October 14 and 15, and freshmen may obtain their tickets on October 16 and 17. Students desiring seats outside of the student section may obtain them upon payment of the federal tax. b.j.l. Religious Councii To Hear Report Tonight student Religious Council members will hear a report on United Christian Youth movement given by Fairie Totten, delegate to the United Christian Youth movement conference held at Lake Geneva last summer. The meeting will be held in Room 68 in the Union at 7:30 p. m. tonight. Discussion of United Christian Youth movement in relation to council work on this campus will follow the talk. All students interested in religious work are invited to attend, b.j.l. University Members Of American Foresters To Attend Ohio Meet Dr. E. R. Martell, Professor Daniel DenUyl, and R. C. Brundage, of the Department of Forestry and Conservation, Agricultural Experiment Station, and Professors B. N. Prentice and 0. M. Davenport of the Department of Forestry, School of Agriculture, will represent the University at the meeting of the Central States Section of the Society of American Foresters to be held in Wooster, Ohio, starting tomorrow and continuing through
Saturday.
The program for the conference includes discussions and demonstrations on various types of forestry activity in Ohio, and a regular business meeting of the section. At the banquet Friday evening, O. E. Fink, curriculum supervisor of conservation education, Ohio Division of Conservation and Natural Resources, will give an address on “Conservation Education.” w.m.c.
Kathryn Lang, president of the local Pan-Hellenic Council, presided at a meeting yesterday of all girls going through rush this semester. Dorothy Stratton, dean of women, and R. C. Street, Pan-Hellenic lawyer, Were introduced ^and Mrs. Clifford Rader, advisor during rush, spoke of the purpose of sororities, the correct evaluation of them and the spirit in which rush
should be entered.
' She can ^proach the relationship
of sororities and the school with
Woman's Residence Halls Elect Officers For Coming Year At a meeting held in the Residence Halls Tuesday night the following officers were elected for the
coming year:
Wood Hall—Jeanne Chandler, president; Mary Lou Laswell, social chairman; Mary and Margaret Wirt (they’re twins), secretary - treasurer; Jeanette Parker, Ann Julian, Mary Ann Carpentpr, Ruth Schlitter, Mildred Owens and Josinah Allen, corridor representatives. North Hall—Betty Wedge, president; Janet Place, social chairman; Lucinda Redwine, secretary-treas-urer; Joan Sullivan, Lucy Johnson, Nelda Byrun, Marjorie Flanagan, Doris Bower and Eleanor Harrison, corridor representatives. South Hall—Kay Heitman, president; Emily Lloyd, social chairman; Dorothy Cornthwaite, Ellen Clark, Phyllis Bate, Mary Grace Minkler, Betty Minkler, Betty Hutchinn, Florence Croll and Jane McCouch, corridor representatives. E. V. Greenfield ... of the modern language departmefit has recently had a book entitled “An Outline of German Grammar” released from Barnes and Noble, publishers, of New York City. The book is to be used as a medium for independent study of the language and for use as a class
text-book.
He has also written “Chemical German,” “Spain Progresses,” and “A Brief Summary of French Gram-
mar." n.z.
Pi Beta Phi
. . . sorority at their annual convention in Pasadena, California, this year voted $5,000 toward the relief and support of any European war refugee children brought to America for protection. .Of this contribution, $4,000 was given to refugee agencies set up by the American Red Cross, and $1,000 was to go to similar agencies of Canadian Red Cross. n.z.
the proper perspective as she has been a fraternity officer, a PanHellenic officer and served on the administrative staff of Ohio State University several years. With this in mind, Mrs. Rader said that rush on the part of the girls in the sorority should not he the purpose of two or three weeks but a year-round aim. The members of the group should huild up their social responsibility and poise all year instead of emphasizing it only for a short time. Develop Responsibility Mrs. Rader further stated that: “Fraternities and administrators have the same aim. This aim is to develop the social responsibility and full personality of the student. 'The college today is not only a mindfactory but must build better citizens, and they expect the fraternity to fit in the educational scheme of both intentions.” Keep Sense Of Value ^ The coeds were reminded to keep their sense of values during" the next two weeks and when choosing a group to remember that they must live with the girls in that group. The rushees should definitely not pick a sorority for its age or name. Mrs. Rader stressed the point that sororities cannot be “rated” in standing or one group put above another. They were also reminded that a student’s first loyalty is to the University. Then comes their loyalty to the Greek world and after that to the special group. Mrs. Rader commented on the fine spirit of friendliness among the sororities on this campus and the great help this becomes after rush
starts.
Approximately 250 girls attended the meeting. The rush riiairmen of the various organizations were introduced and the entire group urged to go to Mrs. Rader with any problems that might arise during this period, 'm.jff.
Chi Omega
^ . . entertained Mrs. Cilfford Rader, Pan-Hellenic advisor, at a dinner last night following the meeting for rushees. Mrs. Rader is on the campus to advise the freshmqn with their problems during rush.
Maestro Lou Breese To Feature His
Triton Pledges Pass 'Breezy Rhyimi' At Eiida/s Mixer
Membership Tests
The Triton club has made announcement of its new pledges. The pledging vail take place tonight at 7:16 o’clock in the Women’s Gym. Following the pledging ceremonies, the Triton members will put on a ballet exhibition in the pool. The following pledges have passed their membership requirements this week: Jean Barrett, Brita Kraepelein, Carol Klewin, Shirley Johnson, Johanna Robbis, Sally Popovich, P. Thomas, Helen Hoskinson, Margaret Holenleans, Leta May Gorwley, Pricilla Hendrichs, Margaret Oliphant, Martha Jane Fox, Jean Montgomery, Shirley Monteith, Margaret Gravis, Barbara Kendall, Virginia Gallwan, Evelyn Blair, Betty Jacobson, Jane Adams, Susie Elstein, peth Marshall, ElSSITor Lewis, Jean Brown, Mary Edith Kohl, Jo Sullivan, Virginia Schabel, Julia Hameg, Mary Helen Byrd, Eleanor Hamson, Betty Bemis, Ruth Wilson, .and Shirley V^iteman. a.r.w.
By John Zinski
Lou Breese and his “breezy” orchestra will play at the regular Union mixer, Friday night. Breese will feature his “Breezy Rhythm”
at the hop.
He launched his present band in 1939, plasfing his first big engagement at the Chez Paree in Chicago. Lou has been on a current tour of nine months’ duration, visiting Meadowbrook Country Club ' in Cedar GroVe, N. J., Hamid’s Million Dollar Pier, Atlantic City, and the Beverly fiills Country Club, New-
port, Conn.
The maestro is one of the youngest popular band leaders of the day. He has never had a woman vocalist in his company because two of the me^^^rs of his band, “Skip” Morr and iwrry Warren, who play the trombone and guitar respectively, have been handling vocalist assignments rather capably. They will, it seems, hire a woman vocalist, who will be chosen when the company is stiU on tour at one of their engagement. The woman will be chosan
from a group of contestants who are vieing for that position. The Breese band was honored at the New York World’s Fair this' year with another of the country’s popular bands. Some of the pieces that he featured at the fair were “Come To The Fair,” and “Ten-
nessee Fish Fry.”
Lou is a graduate of Northwestern University, where he played in a college orchestra for two years. Admission for this dance is $1.50. The band will play from nine till
twelve o^clock. ^
Correction EXPONENT apologizes to A. A. Potter, dean of E^ineering sehoohi for err<meoasly indendfying him in yesterday’s Who’s Who story aa dean of Fr^hman engineers and to Prdtessor A. P. Poorman of the Aik pHed Meehani«i departmont for mia* placing him In the Api^ed chology department.ll. ^ !
'■ i. . 1
, . I V
fj r^
Ji . r, : i" orf
PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday/ October 9/ 1940
Classified
Ads
FORSALB
Rass-Rent'A-Car Service. C&rs for all occasions Min. $2 50 all night. Phone, 2407.
Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies Mimeograph and mnltigrapfa sork C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Jdain St. Phone 2779.
B«om for rent: % of double room with 2 closets, soft water, shower, stoker heat. 1S4 Andrew Place.
FOR RENT—^Rooms, modem near campus and village. Single bed. Garage available. 117 Wiggins. Phone 46801.
Lost: 21 jewel Bulova wrist watch Reward Robert Plummer, 2619.
Notices
Ke aotleaa rocMvad after • p. m.
Dolphin Club: Important meeting Wednesday, October 9, at 7.16 p m in room 104 of the Fieldhouse. —SILER.
Ballet Practice: All girls interested in water ballet, come out to the pool Wednesday, October 9, at 4 p m. —ROSENCRANS.
Military: Students who worked during registration please call for checks in supply room —TORMEY
Military Students: Distinguished Gun squad Competition, 76 m m gun Voluntary squads consisting of Executive and Assistant, both juniors, and Chief of Section, Gunner, and six Cannoneers, all sophomores. Squads organized by juniors Applications must be filed with Lt Col White or Lt Sietsma prior tb noon, October 9 —WHITE.
4-H Girls: On Friday, October 11, at 6 p. m the 1940 State Fair girls will hold a picnic All girls who plan to attend please call Mary Anne Mackey at 2181, or Martha Jane Gettinger at 2243 before Wednesday, October 9 —HOLLIS
— LAST TIMES TODAY —.
Production of t ' BmCHAMYOUNC
Written for the screen hyV LOUIS BROMFIEL®
TYRONE POWER LINDA DARNELL DEAN JAGGER a* Brigham Young I AND A CAST OF THOUSANDS/ f A Tw(intf«tli CMihury-Fox Picfurt
TOMORROW - FRIDAY
1?oack KENNETH ROBERTS' (lurtw ’-NORTHWfST PASSASt
Victor MATORR* louite PIATT Uo CARRIUO • Broce CABOT
TODAY
TRIPLE HIT PROGRAM
FIGHT PICTURES BAER vs COMISKEY
YOU CANT CHEAT AN HONEST MAN with W. C. FIELDS CHARLIE McCarthy
— PLUS — FOUR DAUGHTERS ' with The LANE SISTERS JOHN GARFIELD
Starts TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
~PLUS-^ - GEORGE SRENT OLIVIA DeHAVILLAND In GOLD IS WHERE YOU FIND IT in Glorfow* Teehnicnlpr
day, October 12, by schools as foUows: students whose names begin with A-B:—'Michael Golden Shops, room 101. F-K—Electrical Building, room 264. L-R—Electrical Building, room 129 S-Z—Civil Engineer Building, rooih 201. —KNAPP
Indqiendent Staff: Important meeting Wednesday, October 9, at 7.16 p m. in the PIA office This includes editorial and business staffs Everyone be there —SELKOWITZ
Kappa Delta Pi: Short meeting in room 106, Education Building, Thursday, October 10, at 7 p. m. —NORQUEST.
AIEE: Officers meet at 4 b- m., Wednesday, October 9, in reading room of the EE building Very important —^WISE
WSGA Executive Board: Regular meeting Wednesday, October 9 at 7 30 p m in the WSGA Office —ZWI^JRLEIN.
Ag. Chem.: There will be an Agricultural Chemistry party is the agricultural hall for all freshmen and upperclassmen on Thursday, October 10, at 7 '80 o’clodk. —ELKIN
Metallurgy Studeiits: AIME meeting Thursday, October 10, at 7 p m in room 302 of the Chemical and Metallurgical building Election of officers —PHILLIPS
Military Ball Committee: Meeting Thursday, October 10, a 4 p m in room 203 of the Armory —AULL.
Scabbard and Blade: The meeting for Thursday, October 10, at 7 30 p m. will be
ARC
Junior Military: Juniors report to supply room in Armoiy on Thursday and Friday, October 10 and 11 for your advanced course uniforms —TORMEY
—LAST TIMES TODAY—
Freshmen Engineers: Students assigned to Engineering Lectures will report Satur-
CESAR ROMERO
—and—
— AUO — 'Terry and the Pirates", Serial
ATTENTION/ R. O. T. C.! See the United States Mechanized Army in Action. Two reels filmed at Ft. Knox "Combdt Units of the Mechanized Army"
—THURS. - FRI. - SAT.MILLIONAIRE PLAYBOY RIDERS PASCO BASIN RED RIDER SERIAL
NOW PLAYING
JOYOUSLY BIGGER iTHAN ANYTOING ^HEY'V.r EV^ER DONE BEFORE!
Loughs I Msledyl Spectoclol Romance I Star-studded I A hundred dancing demons I It's big i It's fun I
V
n 11/ A c I * ROONEY
JUDY
PAUL WHITEMAN
(TRA
WILM^ TRACY
AND HI8 ORCHESTRA
JUNE
PREISSER
in room 808 of the Union. The selection of pledges will be announced, therefore all members must be present or present a written excuse. —MEBSB. Purdue Players: See call hoard in Eliza Fowler Hall for progress of constitutions. 10-7 —FOX.
AIJ Male Students: Sign up in the supply room of the Armory for the third novice pistol firing which starts October 22 16-40 —WASSMAN
Sigma Delta Chi Actives: Meeting Thursday night, October 10, in Exponent office at 7 p m Discussion of pledges. Please be present —McKEE.
Catalyst Pledges and Actives Formal pledging in room 802 of the Chemical and Metallurgical building Wednesday, October 9, at 7 p m # —PHILLIPS
Camera Club: Darkrooms will be open Tuesday noon, Octobbr 8. Locker assignments will be posted in the club book at the West desk and inside the door to each room. Light Loom will not be ready until about Thursday. —ARCHIBALD.
Independent Men: Those interested in singing in the PIA men’s chorus sign up in PIA office in Union Building or contact Smulevitz There are still ten vacancies —SMULEVITZ.
All Co-eds: Riflery call-out in the women’s gym Thursday, October 10, at 7 p m Each house that is planning to enter please have a representative there to discuss schedule of shooting —BLAGRAVE
Hydraulics (CE 41): An examination for the removal of C and 1 grades will he held in the hydraulic laboratory on Saturday, October 19, from 1 to 4 p. m Permission to take the exammation must be obtained from the undersigned before October 16 —F. W. GREVE.
Model Railroaders: Club meeting Saturday, October 12, at 1 30 p m. in attic of
LAST DAY—2 HITS
LANA TURNER — IN — 'WE WHO ARE YOUK^G' ALSO
ROBERT YOUNG MAUREEN O'SULLIVAN in "SPORTING BLOOD"
Thurs.-Fri.-Sat.—2 Hits
JOHN WAYNE SIGRID GURIE CHARLES COBURN in THREE FACES WEST'
ALSO
LEE POWELL I in
'HI-YO SILVER'
DOWN WENT McGINTYhut he’s out of the dog house now!
“SURE AND IT'S good riddance to an ugly-smellin’ pipe! ” snapped Mrs. McGinty, dropping the pipe into the water. Quick as an Irish temper, down went McGinty after it!
"NICE WORK, MISTER!" said a young lad on the dock. "But you better smoke a milder tobacco to stay out of the 'dog hoiiRe’. Trv the world’s best-
Enaium
Christian Science Organization: Weekly meetings will be held at 7:80 on Thurs^y evenings instead of Tuesday evening^. October 10 meeting will be in room 302 of the Union. Names of applicants will he presented at meeting. —GRIFFIN.
Seniors in Marriage Course: Bring questions relating to religion instead of redreation as assigned to meeting on Thursday October 10. Doe to a change in schedule religious discussion will be held October 17. —CHANDLER.
It was erroniously stated in Sunday’s Exponent that the PIA Pall Dance, scheduled for Friday, October 11, was a closed affair. The dance is open and admission will be one dollar for non-members. Members will be Admitted upon presentation of their membership cards.
Sixty HE Students Tour Children's Institutions
Mechanical Engineering Building All interested invited. —DARR.
Outing Club: Everyone going to Pines Park meet in front of the Armory at 12.30 p. m. on Saturday, October 12. Please bring 60 cents to cover cost of foods and transportation For reservations call Opal Blagrave, 6766, or Marjorie Ward, 4111, before Friday noon. —PARKER.
Approximately sixty students in the home economics child development coprse went on a field trip to Ipdianapolis Monday and returned yesterday. Theipurpose of this trip is to visit institutions which care for children who are physically handicapped; children who require facilities due to some physical impairment; and institutions which provide care for the child who is at variance with
the social group or requires legal care or protection. Among the places they are visiting are the Planner House, a Negro social settlement house; Marion County Juevnille Court, and Detention Home, Potter Fresh Air School, and Eoberts School for Handicapped Children and the Riley Hospital. The/group is in charge of Dr. MariOi) I^atjtson, the Misses Margaret Burrows and Helen Druff of the University staff, r.elw.
A helicopter whose rotor or propeller blade is driven by air is being developed at Georgia School of Technology.
This coat’s ^ea^y worth cheering about! Zip the Talon* fastener — the extra lining comes out for mild weather wear. Zip/the lining bade in and you’ve got extra warmth for cold days. Puts weather-control at your fingertips! A smart contribution to your wardrobe, in more ways than one • just think of the economy when one coat serves the purpose of two. Do yourself and your budget a favor — drop in today!
• Ria U I PAT OPT., TALOR,
TWIN SEASON
in Natural Coverts and Camel’s Hair Sizes 9 to 17 and 12 to 20
“Season-Skipper”
as advertised in NLademoiselle Zip-in Lining Coats
in Natural, Soldier blue, brown, nudfe, green Sizes 10 to 20
V. Both Exclusive with LoeFs in Lafayette
4 J
|i*l
'<1'I. X p *. X 4
Wednesday, October 9, 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
W^AA
11:00—Far East Pro^jlcms and Contemporary Affairs, Mr. Gor. den Enders 11:60—Purdue News Plashes 12:00—Farm Pacts For Farm Folks 12:15—^Sports Review 12:30—^Meet the Band
12:46—Monitor .Views the News 1:00—Just Relax ^ 1:16—Meditations 1:30—Afternoon Melodies 1:46—Market Reports 2:00—Elizabeth Crump Enders 2:16—June Eller, pianist 2:30—^The Bookmah 2:46—^Hymn Echoes 3:00—Petite Musicale 3:30—Symphony Hall 4:30—Melody Maids 4:46—Story Book Hour"
By nsELf
THE LATESTfRAGE ON EVERY COLLEGE CAMPUS! Smart *n peppy ... enJ mondts ahead of anything you*// see for all college sport wear. Set the pace on your campus.. Get your pair today I
SHOE SHOP / jO Downstairs
Yearling Basketball Candidates Practice Under Piggy Lambert While campus interest concerning things athletic has been revolving about the World Series and the ensuing football season, the typically Hoosier sport of basketball has been almost totally ignored. However, some 100 anxious freshmen court -candidates have been quietly drilling under the watchful eye of Coach Ward Lambert for two weeks. Practice sessions are being conducted in the second floor gym until a court can be placed in the Fieldhouse proper. Piggy wishes to be fair ^ith all of the aspirants and will follow the same policy that has been so successful in former years, that being to have the boys scrimmage under careful'scrutiny for about ten minutes each in rapid relays. In this way, the Rhinies are able to display
their individual wares and all are certain of receiving an equal opportunity. The first cut will reduce the squad to about forty or fifty candidates, but the temnination of the football season will increase the squad by twenty or more candidates. Weeding Out Process ' “We must be very careful not to overlook anyone in this^ pre-season preparation, for many of the smaller boys who are at a disadvantage under the basket, are often such excellent shots and floormen that we can’t disregard them,” Piggy remarked to prove the problem that confronts him. The varsity will not officially report until November 1, but they have been working out of their free will each evening and are showing a keen interest in the approaching season. The present crop of yearlings bring enviable reputations to the Boilermaker institution, and looked well in a scrimmage against iihe varsity. Three of last year’s freshmen stars, Johnson, Raymond and Duncan, have been rendered ineligible through scholastic difficulties. o.t.c.
Intra-School Cross Country Race Scheduled Today At 4 This afternoon at 4:30 p. ra. on Intramural Field the annual Intra-school cross country race will take place with Head Track Coach Herman Phillips acting as starter. All contestants are to meet in the west end of the Fieldhouse promptly at 4, where they will be issued numbers.
IM Schedules SOFTBALI, Wednesday, October 9 Diamond 1 Ward 26 vs. Ward 2. 2 Ward 1 vs. Ward 4. 3 Ward 81 vs. Ward 10. 4 Ward 8 vs. Ward 80. 6 Ward 9 vs. Ward 27. 6 Ward 11 vs. Ward 6. 7 Ward 12 vs. Ward 26. 8 Ward 18 vs. Ward 24. 9 Ward 21 vs. Ward 14. 10 S 1 vs. H 2. 11 B 2 vs. E 2. 14 Cary Hall 8 vs. Cary Hall 6. 16 Cary Hall 14 vs. Cary Hall 6. TOUCHBALL 1 Beta Sigma Psi vs. Sigma Pi. 2 Beta Theta Pi vs. Phi Gamma Delta. 3 Delta Upsjlon vs. Phi Kappa Tan. 4 Kappa Delta Rho vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 5 Lamba Chi Alpha va. Pi Kappa Alpha. 6 Sigma Alpha Mu vs. Theta Chi. 7 Sigma Chi vs. Triangle. 8 Theta Tau vs. Sigma Phi Epsilon.
Last year a swift group of runners representing the School of Agriculture took top honors in the annual distance sprint of two and a half laps around the field. Lasting Record The record for the course has been standing for 18 years. The record time is 12:30.5, established in 1922 by Sam George. All members of the winning team will receive handsome medals, as will the winners of first, second, and third positions, providing that they are not members of the winning team. All University eds are eligible to compete in the annual run excepting the members of the varsity track team. w.h.h.
VITALITY
IS
Created by Really Good FOOD
The Union Cafeteria Endeavors to Select, I Prepare and Present , Truly Delicious FOOD JhjL fiWidusL WjunifujaL lAniofL The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
NEVER SOLD FOR LESS THEY SHOULD ALWAYS BE SOLD FOR MORE...
NEW FALL SUITS
’25
Men often ask us, '"How is it possible to sell such luxurious suits for only $25?" There's a story behind this miracle value. We joined with over 500 leading stores from coast to coast under the CLIPPER CRAFT PLAN. Pooling our purchasing power, getting the benefits of "scientifically planned production," we have succeeded in putting smarter style, bettey workmanship, and finer fabrics into Clipper Craft than you could ever before obtain in a $25 suit. Choose your Clipper Crafts today from new fall colors ' and models now on display.
EXCLSIVE
WITH
lOONAIN SI.
CUfimS SHOP INC.!
r
I
N
\
PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, October 9, 1940
a
The government sure doesn’t intend to miss anybody on registration day. None of this business of dragging it out for two or three months like getting a license for the car. Or the dog.
It will be handled exactly like election day with deadlines and all. Except that they won’t come and get you if it rains. And there won’t be any repeaters.
This would be a good time for Chicago to get its voting lists straightened out. Or register all the little men who aren’t there that cast the ballots for the vacant lots.
Provisions have been made for registering the deaf, dumb, blind, insane, and inebriated. Only those under anesthetic and on the operating table are excused. And there vsdll be an interne with pen and paper in hand to do the dirty work as soon as they come out of it.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in ZiSfayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.60. Editor-in-Chief . R. W. Donahue Business Manager. Merle Hagemeyer
Publication Staff News Editor .... J. H. McKee Managing Editor . - ... D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott.
Business Staff Local Advertising Manners: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. E. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M. Rectenwald.
Co-ed Staff Editor . .. .. Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess.
Sports Staff Editor . J. P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: Ediorial- 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y.
Staff For This issue
Night Editor—Ruffner Day Editor—^Miller
Ass’t Night Editor—Zinski Night Sports Editor—^Johnson
Sophomore Staff: E W Nordlinger, W. M. Clark, J R Galloway, J. F Zinski, M Boynton, P. Howard, M J Fox, N. Zachery, J Ramsdale, T E Thiele, O. T Clark, D W Meier.
Bold & Black
Well, another day begins and well too for a change for we will have the opportunity to go to the Union and get a big laugh out of coed rush. Sudden thought—do the girls get as big a bang out of fraternity rush as we get out of their’s ? —B&B— Fi Gam Bill Lancet finally went and did it. He put his pin on Kappa Anne Morton in Columbus over the week-end. The pinning culminated a long and ardent courtship of exactly three dates. In fact quite a number of the boys are quite chagrined since they had future dates with her and now they are of course broken. —B&B— Doug McDaniels, Union VP, after a long and complicated procedure involving two different pins (both belonging to brothers) hung a Phi Delt pin of dubious ownership on Elaine Williams, another Chi 0. It's a pretty good story but darned if we could get it all straight. —B&B—
The only trouble is that the book of instructions neglected to mention what to do in case they didn’t come out of it.
We suggest that dying men be excused that they may have their last few minutes for a peaceful, contemplation of their deeds. And misdeeds. And then when they have been officially pronounced dead.
The coroner can do it.
Norm Gessler and Annabel Teeter have finally decided that engagements, especially serious kind, and school do not mix. They have given up the ghost and are to be married this week-end. —B&B— We have been requested to announce that Lawrence Archibald did
HARVARD’S HEAD Harvard he found he’d have to could beat anybody else, n-ea
How’s your
“THEY DIDN’T NEED COACHING,” by Dick Harhtv
Head Coach Dick H .. insulted Harvard out of its . iat for a touchTorby Macdonald into ^ y broke his leg! dowa\..builtateamaround^ In this weeks Post ^ on the Crimson
Buy .ha Post .hia waek.
150TBEBFEAT»»ES:PMl««UffiJ;^»lVA^^^
ISATURDAY EVEING
hr ^ /
not break his nose by bumping into a door. Nor yet did he flatten the other guy. He did not trip over a brick. Nor yet a banana peel. He was in an automobile en route to Columbus and suffered the injury. Let this quiet all suspicion.
with him for their pledge dance Saturday night. The reason was that she is going steady with an unidentified DU. Some say she should have said a mythical DU. Who knows? Who cares?
-B&B-
Laverhe Muir, WRH frosh, is learning fast. She has already learned the approved technique for breaking dates. She called Sigma Nu pledge Bob Abbott the other night and broke a date she had made
An individual Archery Tournament consisting of the regular Columbia round will begin October 21. Monice Buergler urges all to be sure and get in their five required practices before that time.
• Complete Model Airplane Supplies • Complete Photography Lines Free Parking in Rear Free Delivery
University Drug Store
Next to Post Office
N. J. Arth, ’37
D. N. HanseU, ’37
The wisest dollar you ever spent
With its 66 Baffle filter,
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Hardware
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices
822 Main
Phone 2777
School Supplies
University Book Store
Across from the Union Next to the College Inn M C "Red" Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40
Add Zest to Your Daily Life Chew Delicious doublemint gum . H ♦'Lie! casv
“^.tTyCs'i to heaUhful, xetxesMoe
doublemint gum every day.
doublemint gum every aay.
BuysenralpackagesolDOOBltMIHTGBMtodaii
Vi,
S .
4^