^-ve 'Hs-
the Purdue Exponent
VOLUME FORTY-NINE
Lafayette, Indiana, Wednesday, October 6, 1937
NUMBER 20
Varsity Show Script Is Written; Cast Complete With the cast complete and the script written and rewritten, preparations for the Purdue broadcast of the Pontiac Varsity Show, to be aired Friday night from 8 to 8:30, are entering their final stages, according to a statement by director and
writer Jack Roche.
After judging numerous auditions last week. Jack Roche has picked a cast and has written the show around them. Campus musical groups who will take part in the show are the Military Band, the Men’s Glee
FreshmeirMen May Compete In Annual Beveridge Contest All freshmen men interested in public speaking are eligible to compete for the silver loving cup being offered October 19 in the annual Beveridge public speaking contest, the University speech department announced last night. In addition to the loving cup, donated by the Hay’s Jewelry Company, of Lafayette, the first five men to place will automatically be awarded positions on the freshman debate squad. The first and second place winners will be eligible to enter the Hanley public speaking contest to be conducted later in the year. To Award Fraternity Cup The fraternity team scoring the highest number of points in the contest will win possession of a silver fraternity cup for one year. There is no limit to the- number ftf men who may compete from one fraternity. The fraternity wjhich first gets its name on the trophy three times wins permanent possession of the cup. Those desiring to enter may do so by registering at the debate office in the Memorial Union Building any time between October 11 and 19 between 4 and 6 p. m. A preliminary contest is scheduled for October 19 at 4 p. m. in room 301 of University Hall. The final contest will be held October 21 at 7:30 p. m. in the lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building. Entrants are, required to talk for seven minutes on any of the following topics; “Why Go to College,” “Socialized Medicine,” “Public Utilities,” “The Effect of International Conflict on America,” “The Problem of Organized Labor,” “Student Cooperatives,” “A Planned Agriculture,” “Radio Hams,” “Our Crime Problem,” and “Purdue Traditions.”
Club, the Concert Choir, Lou Schilling’s orchestra, and Bud Bryant’s band. Announcers, Comedians On the' staff of announcers and comedians are Dave Thompson, Gil Hutton, Hank Miller, Alice Parlon, Jennie Bosco, Pat Heine, Bill Ash, and Dick Tomzak. A few more fellows will be chosen to do the commercial announcing. Helping with the musical end of the show will be the campus bands and performers from the Union Variety Hour. Lou Schilling’s musicians will do a specialty number and will accompany the singers. Claimed From Variety Hour From the Union Variety Hour, Mary Ed Johnston; the Rhythm Swingsters, Bob Heine, Mary Ellen Foresman, and Jean Beemer; and Russ Mock were chosen. Accompanying music for the Men’s Glee Club in a special arrangement of “The Fiyst Time I Saw You” will be furnished by Bud Bryant and his swingsters. Broadcast Over NBC The program will be broadcast Friday over the Blue network chain of the National Broadcasting Company, finding outlet over 78 sta-
tions.
“We treat this show as a strictly commercial proposition; not as an amateur hour. All the announcers and performers will be students. Only Paul Dumont, Pontiac master of ceremonies, will assist with the dialogue,” said Jack Roche last
night.
C, E, Young To Address Real Estate Meeting Indianapolis Real Estate Board members will hear University Prof. C. E. Young at a luncheon tomorrow in the Hotel Washington. Young, of the Purdue farm management department here, will talk on “The Money Market in Real Estate.” Last year he served on the faculty of the appraisal school sponsored by the board.
After A Varied Occupancy^ University Hall Croes Completely To English Staff
By Sally MtKee And now, finally. Dr. H. L. Creek and his department occupy the entire University Hall. Stujdents looking particularly for Dr. H. L. Creek, head of the English and speech department, will find him this year in newer and slightly more spacious quarters. He moved lately from the second floor front to the first floor back—^to the oflice formerly occupied by Registrar Stone and more recently filled by the soil conservation committee. The 4,000 students to be taught and tutored by the department’s 41 instructors will find that summer reconstruction has revealed the possibility—now the existence—of 14 classrooms. Basement Clinic The basement has been converted into a much needed establishment for M. D. Steer and his staff of speech correctors. Evqn in the short periods of four, three, and two years which students can now remember, the occupancy of University Hall has been batted around considerably. Consider what University history reveals about this building. Here it was in chapel meeting that President Smart’s now famous phrase “one brick higher,” rang out to a student body disquieted by the remembrance of the fire which the night before destroyed the new engineering building. From these ashes
Senior Counselors Hear First Lecture Of Training Series Ninety-five seniors attended their first lectures on counseling in Stanley Coulter Hall lecture room yesterday afternoon as preliminary training for advising delinquent freshmen after yellow slips come out, about the middle of November. Personnel Director Jack Walters, supervisor of the counseling, opened the session with a short talk, and then introduced Dean of Engineering A. A. Potter and Dean of Science H. E. Enders to the group for brief lectures on approaches in dealing with freshmen of low scholarship. Lectures will continue weekly at 4 o’clock on Tuesday afternoons for six or seven weeks. Various campus educators, including Presi dent Edward C. Elliott, will speak to the seniors.
Varsity Show Announcer Paul Dumont Praises University Talent, Equipment
By Donald Terrio Sporting a garefully trimmed mustache which would invoke jealous glances from any senior, damper Paul Duipont was found Tuesday night with Jack Roche consuming the last bits of a slab of custard pie in his room at the Fowler Hotel. Dumont is master of ceremonies of the Pontiac Varsity Show, and Roche is director. Dumont Likes Tomatoes “I like Indiana tomatoes; they’re my favorite fruit,” said Paul, as he rang for a room service waiter to remove the dinner table. Dumont, with his short but erect carriage, debonair manner and distinguished appearance, gives one the impression that he might be mistaken for the president of France if he should be sighted strolling down the Champs de Elysees some sunny afternoon. Paul’s father was born in Guadaloupe, French West Indies, but he crossed the ocean to New Orleans in his childhood. When a young man, Paul’s father moved to New York where Paul was born in Brooklyn. “After being here only a day, I believe the University should be
complimented on its equipment. The attitude and cooperation of participants and directors of the show have been fine, and the campus spirit is excellent. I do not see how the Purdue broadcast could fail to rank above the average.” Call Him “Paul” Here Monday afternoon during an audition of the Glee Club and Concert Choir in Eliza Fowler HaU, Dumont said, “In Alabama they called me ‘Colonel Dumont’; and oh the way here I was called ‘Mister Dumont.’ However, now that I’m here, I want you to call me just plain ‘Paul’.” “There is undoubtedly fine talent on the campus if the Glee Club is an example of what the University has to offer.” One of Paul’s favorite pastimes is to look over prize cattle and take their pictures with a candid camera. He is expectantly looking forward to visiting the Purdue cattle barns to view the prize steers. Another popular game with him is arguing with Roche about the relative merits of various trains and planes in transporting them to their next destination. “What Purdue men say about the
co-eds should be classified as libel.^’ That is what Paul, for one, thinks about campus pulchritude. Paul’s activities in college programs and sports broadcasts have been long and varied. He announced the Drake relays in 1931, the Shar-key-Schmeling fight over NBC, big league baseball, and has'aired other sports events. He announced the first crew race broadcast in 1928, when Yale rowed against Harvard. Old Timer In Radio World Paul is an old-timer in the radio world, starting when the business was in its infancy in 1923 as a singer on WJZ in New York. He became program director for WMCA in 1924, and after several changes became associated with the National Broadcasting Company in 1927. Dumont became NBC production director in 1928, soon after the production deparWent was organized. This is his second season of directing Varsity Shows, 17 of which were given last year. ' Paul and Roqhe plan to remain here for the Carnegie Tech game, after which they will journey to Dallas, Tex., for the next Varsity Show broadcast from Southern Methodist University.-
rose the present Heavilon Hall. Disclose Staircase When the workmen started unlocking long-locked doors, an iron circular staircase was revealed in the room on the left of the north front entrance. The stairway led nowhere but presumably once conducted freshmen to the gallery of this chapel. In those now distant days the office of the University president was on the first floor here. In addition to the president other members of the executive family, namely purchasing agent, controller, registrar, and cashier, have had offices in this, the third or fourth building of the University. Guided Co-eds There Dean Carolyn Shoemaker guided the work and lives of Purdue co-eds for years from her second floor office in University Hall. What could these rooms tell of the advice and help this wonderful woman gave the women ,who then were Purdue co-eds ? And when educational statistical studies were in their infancy, here was the Division of Educational Reference. In the very early days before the library building was erected the University library was housed in the Hall. Singing After 4 English, math, history, and courses in education have been taught here. A1 Stewart’s singers have often been heard after 4 o’clock as one wandered near University Hall. Everything from a practice put ting ground to a pigeon raising experiment have occupied the wide halls on the fourth floor. University Hall is a most appropriate name—certainly it has been the Hall for the University, adapting itself to every change. And now finally (as we said before) Dr. Creek and his department occupy the entire building. Has University Hall come, at last, to its final occupancy? Four Chosen To Judge Displays Saturday Desigmed to demonstratte what will (or should) happen to the Carnegie Tech gridders this Saturday, various expressive displays will be erected by the fraternities and sororities to welcome the alumni back this Homecoming. Following a set form for grading these displays, a committee of four will tour the houses Saturday morning, deciding the winner early in the afternoon. The committee this year consists of L. V. Moser, of the University art and drawing departments; Mrs. 3. S. Morrison, President of the Lafayette Art Society; Miss^Mary Wagner, secretary of the retail division of the Lafayette Chamber of Commerce; and R. R. Fraser, of the agricultural extension department. The Alumni Association said last night that the prize would probably be either a-silver loving cup or silver service set, suitably engraved. To be eligible for the prize, no organization must spend more than $26 on its display.
UNIVERSITY DIRECTORY Galley proofs of the list of student names for the directory will be available for inspection in the Registrar’s office, at the Reference Desk in the Library, and at the desk in the Purdue Union. The list containing the names from A through L is now ready. The rest of the list will be made available within a few days. Every student is advised and requested to check his name, address, and telephone number on one of these lists and, in case of error, report correction IN WRITING to the Registrar’s office at once. RALPH B. STONE, Registrar.
Rushees Make Choices After Dinners Tonight With the completion of tonight’s rush dinners at the six campus sororities, the rushees and sororities are left to make their respective choices. Tomorrow morning the various sororities will turn in a list of preferred rushees, inviting them W
preference dinners tomorrow night.
The rushees in turn accept one of the invitations and go to the sorority of their choice for tomorrow night’s dinner. Following the preference dinners tomdrrow night, the rushees
list the sororities of their pref-
erence in one, two, three order Actual pledgmg may take place at any time after 4 p. m. Fri-
day.
In accordance with the penalty imposed at the Women’s Pan-Hel-lenic meeting Monday evening, only four of the six sororities held official rush dinners last night. The Kappa’s and the Theta’s, however, entertained rushees in their sorority houses yesterday afternoon from 4 to 6:30. According to rules set up by the Pan-H«allenic Council, sororities may entertain rushees in their houses any time up until 6:30 in the evening during the official rush period. Refreshments of any nature are strictly forbidden. The groups of rushees going to the Kappa and Theta houses yesterday were not treated to so much as “a glass of water” according to report from those in attendance. PIA Plans Final Parly For Unorganized Co-eds Co-eds not going through rush will be entertained at the final party in PIA entertainment series tomorrow evening from 7 to 8:30 in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building. “Kornered in Klondike”’ summer student produced moving picture, will be shown and refreshments will be served. Mary Wien is chairman of the committee planning these parties. Betty McKee was mistress of ceremonies at a P. I. A. party called “A Night in Greenwich Village” given last night in the tower room. Judge Allen To Speak At Guidance Meeting
Judge Florence E. Allen, judge of the United States Court of Appeals of the Sixth Circuit, will be the principal speaker at a banquet of the vocational guidance conference, October 21, it was announced yesterday by Dorothy Martinnet, W.S. G.A. vocational guidance chairman. The banquet will close a day and a half conference during- which prominent women will discuss new frontiers' for women. Judge Allen’s address will sum up the activities and purpose of the conference. Judge Allen, a member of Phi Beta Kappa and the only woman Federal coux-t judge, when elected judge of the Ohio Supreme Court became the first woman to sit in a court of last resort. Prior to hexappointment by President Roosevelt to the sixth Cix-cuit Court she was elected twice to the Ohio Supreme
Court.
Senate Seeks To Start Home Game Grid Ceremonies Movement for inaugurating flagraising and musical ceremonies preceding the opening of all home football games was started in Student -Shnate last night, when President Dan Rohyans appointed a committee of S. G. Elliott, chairman, Ruth Hall, and C. F. Hoffman to investigate possibilities of putting such a program in operation for Saturday’s homecoming game. Rohyans’ action followed a discussion of possible ceremonies by Dr. S. J. Miller, of the student health service, one of the originators of the idea. The football game ceremony committee will meet with other interested persons this noon for a luncheon discussion of the matter at Delta Tau Delta frate’^xity. Flag-Raising And Charge As pointed out in last Friday’s Exponent editorial, the pre-game ceremony might include raising of both national and University flags to the tunes of “The Star Spangled Banner” and “Hail, Purdue,” respectively, while both the team and spectators stand at attention. This would be followed by the deliverance of a charge to the team. Other comimttees appointed by President Rohyans are: Committee on refund of athletic activity fee to athletes: H. E. Montfort, chairman, T. K. Parkison, and Mary Townsend. Committee on National Student Federation of America reports: R. C. Fatout, chairman. Fay Pendergrass, and R. L. Reiley. Committee on Senate social gettogether; J. D. Bowman, J. R. Keck, and Frances Raebig. Committee to see President Elliott about sending a Senate representative to meetings of the University Executive Committee: J. D. Bowman, Betty Ann Stewart, and R. I. Schumacher. Handbook Committee: P. T. Coopeer, H. F. Fischburn, R, E. Insley, and R. I. Schumacher. Announce Rule$ For Annual Military Ball Decoration Contest Preparing for the Military Ball weeks in advance, the decorations committee recently announced the annual Military Ball decorations contest. The awax'd this year is to be a complimentary pass to the
ball.
As in the past, the px'inciple idea will be to carry out, as far as possible, the military theme. The walls of the ballroom will be draped with ai-my colors, the wall decorations, of course, not being included in the terms of the contest. According to the committee, the decorations for the stage, backdrop, band-stand covers, etc., must not cost in excess of $80.00, and every plan submitted must contain aix approximate cost estimate. The set-up must be entirely self-supporting, since the committee has been reftxsed the right to dx'ive nads into the floor. All plans must be tuxmed in at the Memorial Union desk or the Arpiory before October 16,1% I'I'
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, October 6, 1937
the Purdue Exponent
Founded in 1889
M tn «9 liW
^erioted gbttcgtate
mMOH
rbprbsbntbd for national advertising bv National AdvertisingService, Inc. College Publishers Representative '420 Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICAOO ■ BOSTOH ■ LOa AWOELES - SAW FRAWCIBCO
Editorial Phone 6037 Campus Subscriptions ?3 per year
OFFICE—312 North Fifth Street Lafayette, Indiana
Business Phone 6038 Mail Subscriptions $3.60 per year
EDITOR-IN-CHIEF
R. P. Manion BUSINESS MANAGER D. C. Miller
This newspaper i^ written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. AU opinions in it, unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the edi-tor-in-chief.
Editorial Staff
. J. E. Brock
MANAGING EDITOR
ASSOCIATE EDITORS D. A. Bailey, U S. Hardin, C. D. Schroeder, H. I. Stanback, D. R. Vance
Co-ed Staff
...Elizabeth Pyke
CO-ED EDITOR —■
ASSOCIATE EDITORS Mary Cooley, Dorothea Justin,
Sally McKee.
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 3, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided fpr in section 1103, act of Oct. 8, 1917, authorized Jan. 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Business Staff ASSISTANT BUSINESS MANAGER J. P. Girard Local Advertising Staff LOCAL ADVERTISING MANAGER . R. R. Hensler National Advertising Staff NATIONAL ADVERTISING MANAGER W. J. Gillilan Circulation Staff < CIRCULATION MANAGER M. C. Reeves' Sports Staff SPORTS EDITOR. R. F. Ohenchain ASSOCIATE EDITORS. J. S. Brown, R. L. McDonald, B. D. Witwer.
ISSUE EDITOR D. L. Olson October, 6, 1937 NIGHT EDITOR H. I. Stanback
EXPONENT PLATFORM I 1. Improve student housing conditions. 2. Promote student honesty on tests and final examinations and in the preparing of laboratory reports. 3. Stimulate the University instructional staff to better teaching methods. “Take It Or Leave It” In Education Seven years ago I editorialized in the Exponent on the “Take it or leave it” attitude of many socalled educators. Sometime later I dropped out of the University by choice. One of the reasons for my departure was that I felt I was not being taught but tested. My grades were neither good nor bad. But it seemed that my time and money were being spent in sur'viving an elimination contest. Seven years have not made me regret that youthful hasty decision. Two years ago the rather confused reasons I based that decision on became really clear. At that time I was put through a training school for a large corporation—six weeks of intensive schooling in a subject complex and involved —casualty claims investigation. Since salaries were being paid to the men in training, it cost the company several hundred dollars for each man put through the course. Hence the man in charge of the^^ instruction had a burden of productiveness—if he could turn out ten competent claims men out of ten hired he would be doing a perfect job. His usefulness to the company was judged, I am sure, not by what he knew but by his ability to turn out investigators. Unless an unheralded change of which I am un-
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
aware has taken place. University instructors are chosen and rated by the tests and examinations they can pass, by the books they have written, or by data other than what kind of students they produce. Universities can and should do as much for their students as they do for their football teams and players. If the coach can’t produce teams consistent ■with available material, coaches are changed. Examinations should be conducted independently of those who share responsibility with the students for their result. These should be inspected not only from the standpoint of what the student has learned, but of what the instructor has taught. Failure should be vested only in an independent board, should never be taken lightly, and before a student is failed in a course consideration should be taken of his work with other instructors. This will not prevent the elimination of those unfit as students, but it will put the emphasis on education rather than on elimination. It will prevent the waste of eliminating those where the very activity of their minds makes them not lazy, but disinterested. With a burden upon himself, there would no longer be the smug assumption of instructors that students of university age are necessarily stabilized or mature enough to realize in more than a vague way “It is your money—if you don’t want to learn, that’s up to youv” Perhaps with a burden of production, as shouldered by the rest of the world, the abstract intellectual haze which fogs so many in academic life would be lifted, and there might no longer be demands for such absurd panaceas as “Teacher’s oath laws” to curb the spreading of diseased theories thrown out by minds that spin around too fast “thinking” because they don’t have to work. Wolcott Kinnard, ex ’32.
PERDUE HUMER— What significance has the sign RESUMti! SPEED at the entrance of the Residence drive? W|ell, it’s finally gotten to the point where the City has taken the Alpha Chi’s in hand by planting a street light in front of their house. NO ROCK THROWING, GIRLS. 1 It seems that our own Cary Vaughn (Kappa’s Ace Threat) has again returned to Purdue’s campus to try her luck with her much used line against the innocent prattle of the freshmen co-eds. Lot’s of luck, Cary, you’ll need it. PETITION—We the undersigned, want to rid ourselves of the Public Pest Number One who breaks all clinches at the Airport by interrupting with a bright Spot light. Is pitching getting laborious on this campus—OR IS IT GETTING LABORIOUS! Lambda Chi’s need publicity for their pledge dance so badly that they offered to give bids to anyone who got the fraternity name in the Bold and Black colyum. What stuff. The Union Cafeteria has recently received a new shipment of salt shakers; half of them are without ten holes for people who don’t like salt, and the other half are without fifteen holes for people who especially don’t like salt. Who do the Theta’s and the Kappa’s think they are—breaking Pan Hel rules—and the Fuzzies must be pitching ball trying to stand up for them—Nice goin’. We wonder if the Thetas got a rebate on their expense renting the dishes for rush, since they didn’t get to use them last night.
Letters to the E editor
Any letter to the editor must not exceed 150 WORDS in length, and must be accompanied by the writeFs signature. . ^ J Unless otherwise requested., the author’s name will be published with his letter. If, for reasons obvious to our readers, we see fit to withhold any name, that name wiU be kept in strict confidence. The Exponent assumes no responsibility for opinions voiced herein. College Men Should Be More Cosmopolitan Dear Editor: I’ve noticed in the Exponent during the last few days several letters commenting on the prohibition of hitch-hiking by Lafayette police officials. The first one appeared to be written by a young man whose home is in a large city. His remarks were that Lafayette is a “hick town” supported by the Purdue students. Two days later two more letters appeared apparently written by residents of Lafayette. Both of these gentlemen severely criticised the statements made in the preced ing letter. One of them even went so far as to make fun of the author of the original letter. Now, it’s my turn. It occurred to me upon reading these letters that young men who have attended a large university for two or three years should have a more cosmopolitan viewpoint. To say that Lafayette is a “hick town” is merely to say, perhaps in a disdainful way, Lafayette is a rural coipmunity. Is not Lafayette just such a community? A rural community, in a word, is a community w^^ese sole means of support is in doing business with the farming population nearby, and as such, is very necessary to the economic life of our country. Again, one has only to look about him to see that many of Laf ayptte’s business enterprises are supported by Purdue students. West Lafayette is beyond a doubt supported by students who more than double its population. Immediately, someone points out that we are discussing, 'Lafayette, not West Lafayette. My answer to that is something like this.
The Purdue student supports West Lafayette chiefly by buying his room and board. To give the student this, the citizens and restaurant owners of West Lafayette must buy foods and supplies from Lafayette. You say they do not buy in Lafay ette but merely make a trip to the “village.” True enough, but don’t forget that those foods and supplies are distributed through Lafayette. And the chajices are that an appreciable amount of them are produced right in Lafayette. There are, undoubtedly, many nice things about Lafayette. However, as a college town, my personal opinion is that it does not conform to standards. But, be that as it may, my whole point is this. College men should be capable of demonstr^ing a broader vievrpoint. Kennedy Smith, M.E. ’40. Rooming Conditions Dear Editor: Last Thursday, stimulated by ail editorial in The Purdue Independent, the Purdue Exponent printed an editorial concerning the organization of the larger campus rooming houses and the assistance that P. I. A. could give to such a movement We believe the writers of the ‘recent editorials have touched upon an important phase of campus life that might well be encouraged by P, I, A, In fact, we want to encourage it. More than a week ago, PIA took a few minor steps towards the selection of the real leader in each of the larger rooming houses. This was with the single purpose of assisting our membership campaign. However, the Purdue Exponent has wisely suggested other possibilities for this rooming house organization. Students would be more closely bound together and could conduct house activities as a unit. Athletics and recreational get-togethers very easily could be arranged. In fact all matters concerning house policy could be easily handled.
But is that all that could be accomplished through the organization of each rooming house as a unit ? It is well known that fraternities and sororities make an effort to teach their members the rudi ments of social behavior. Why shouldn’t P. I. A. attempt to introduce to the independent student the simple rules of social conduct in order that he might have increased poise and social confidence? We have David E. Ross to thank for that suggestion. Let us go even farther. Disputes between landlady and the students could be more easily settled, study conditions could be improved, poor rooming conditions could be invest! gated and corrected, local dating bureaus could be organized, and finally, more independent students could be aroused into participation in campus affairs. The Purdue Independent Association welcomes any suggestions for the improvement and extension of its activities. And so we ask, “Does any one have any more suggestions?” Now that our first dance is in the past and our membership campaign is well under way, we shall con centrate more thoroughly on such a program. Robert H. Schlundt, ■President of P. I. A.
At The Side Of The Road It’s here again—that question of where a man shall walk when he’s with a woman. And still the answer is the outside—that is the road side of the walk. Yes, it’s true there are very few runaway horses nowadays; but did you ever hear of a custopi or a tradition—^well, that’s just what this convention has become. A woman automatically steps aside so that her male companion may take the outer side.
collegiate
By Mary Cooley Who’d have ever thought that hogs won in a bet could provide funds for a college education, and who’d ever believe there was a girl involved ? Well, they did and she was, so Beatrice Farr Bradley, of Edinburg, received her A.B. degree from Indiana University last June. This is how it happened. Beatrice was a guest at the home of her aunt and uncle in Indianapolis more than four years ago. Her cousin, also of Edinburg, was there too. During the course of the visit a wager was laid that Beatrice would not go through college without smoking a cigarette. She said she could and she would. Her cousin put up two hogs and her grandfather agreed to keep them on his farm near Edinburg and provide feed and care for the sows and all the little pigs. Beatrice went through college without smoking; her Pi Beta Phi sisters can testi^fy to thAt. She majored in history and English and is how looking for a position—^but not as a hog fancier. However, she considers the hogs and the bet very helpful to the financial side of her education. * * And here’s a coach who really gets to the bottom of things! Bob Kiphuth,' Yale swimming doach, donned a diving helmet and a weighted vest and descended to the bottom of the pool after a fisheye’s view of his squad as it engaged in its workout. “It’s the only way to study accurately the pupil’s balance, stroke, and actual technique,” he commented later. “It’s so good I’m going to continue it. In addition to getting the best possible view from a bottom-side-up slant, the refraction, waves and bubbles which confuse the view from above are eliminated.” ♦ * >i> Enlightening and interesting an-, swers were given by the large' groups of men and women asked recently by Columbia University e<fu-
‘Oh, pshaw, I’m wandering again—now what was it I was talking about ?”
cators to list the traits they thought men and women possessed. The average woman, it was disclosed, gave man credit for 14 commendable characteristics vdth 20 undesirable ones—She assigned her own sex 17 good traits and only 15 bad ones. However, the men think they have only nine failings alongside their 25 sterling qualities; while they said that women had only 12 personality assets thrown in with their 29 feminine weaknesses. In summary, the girls allow the boys some credit, but the boys express no doubt whatsoever about feminine inferiority. ijc ^ H* From the September issue of The Record of Sigma Alpha Epsilon
—LAST DAY—
BETTE DAVIS HENRT FOUDA
STARTS TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE THE JONES FAMILY in “HOT WATER” plus Martin Johnson’s “BORENO”
—TODAYTwo Features
— Plus — JOAN CRAWFORD WALTER HUSTON Guy Kibbee Wm. Gargan in RAIN
Starts Tomorrow DOUBLE FEATURE ROD LaROCQUE “The Shadow Strikes” PUBLICL WEDDING
comes the actual standing of national college fraternities according to number of chapters. Nationally speaking the SAE’s have 109 chapters, the Kappa Sigs are close behind with 107, and the Phi Delts hold their place with 105. The Sigma Chi’s and Sigma Nu’s tie for fourth place with 97 chapters each, and the ATO’s claim fifth standing with 94.
ARC
—TODAY—
Hmmf ^ .WM Law",
— LAST DAY — FRANCHOT TONE VIRGINIA BRUCE IN ‘Between Two Women” —and— TONY MARTIN LEAH RAY in ^ “Sing and Be Happy”
THUR. — PKI, SAT. JOHN MACK BROWN in “BAR Z BAD MAN” —Plus JOHN WAYNE in “I COVER THE WAR”
-LAST DAY—
Starting Tomorrow EDNA MAY OLIVER MAUREEN O’SULLIVAN IN “My Dear Miss Aldrich”Wednesday! October 6. 1937
THE PURSUE EXPONENT
A
\ kit
NEW YORKERS START WORLD SERIES TODAY
Empire City's Fifth Diamond War Begins Today At Yankee Stadium The grand finale of the 1937 baseball season starts today. The World^s Series, towards which all baseball players, writers, and fans direct their thoughts during the year, opens in NeW York at 1:30 (CST), in the Yankee Stadium, with Bill Terry’s Giants out to take the title of World’s Champions away from Joe McCarthy’s
Yankees. That this year’s series is a glorified city series doesn’t cause much excitement. In fact the New Yorkers are beginning to get used to the idea. This will be the fifth series tilt between the two home teams, and the second consecutive year of intra-New York competition. Yanks Are Favored Of course there is much speculation as to whiyh, team will come out on top. The money seems to
be on the side of last year’s winner’s, the Yanks. They are 2 to 5 favorites to win the series, and 1 to 2 to win today’s game. Q , Hubbell Will Start It looks as if the Yankees will start their ace southpaw, Lefty G ^ although this is not definite. Lefty has never pitched in a series opener, but has three series wins to his credit. Bill Terry has announced that he will also start his number one left-hander, Carl Hubbell,
Harriers To Meet Wabash In Second Tilt Saturday Boilermaker cross-country squtid members will meet Wabash here this Saturday in their second tilt of the season. The hopes of the harriers will be pinned on Bodeau, who took first place against Pittsburgh last Saturday. With these two meets out of the way, the Gold and Black have four more scheduled. They are as follows: Illinois here on October 16. Indiana here on October 23. Butler there on November 6. Wisconsin, there on November 13.
The series will not be a sellout, judging by advance reports.^ Although the series will be played in the two largest parks in the big leagues, neither park is anywhere near a sellout except for box seats.
You might he Standing right next to the most attrac-
Cnwrilbt 1M7. iMonrr ft Hybes Tobacco Co.
VS: '
McMillin Shifts Lineup To Face Gopher Eleven With his first string squad riddled by injuries, Indiana’s Coach Bo McMillin has been forced to make shifts in an effort to find a squad capable of facing Minnesota’s powerful Gophers this Saturday at Minneapolis. Bob Stevenson, tackle, has been given work at the second fullback position, and Don Wahl has been shifted from end to tackle. Included on the injured list are Corby Davis, 200 pound fullback, Capt. R. L. "^‘Jick” Kenderdine, end, James Sirtosky, guard, and Joe Szabo, guard. Davis and Kenderdine were counted on to carry much of the load in Saturday’s game. Drills On Pass Defense While polishing his offense, McMillin has also been drilling the team in pass defense and in work against Minnesota tactics. McMillin and Clyde Smith, line coach, scouted the Gopher squad in their game last Saturday against Nebraska at Omaha.
■ ——
Final
Standings
NATIONAL LEAGUE
Won
Lost
Pet.
New York
95
57
.625
Chicago
93
61
.604
Pittsburgh
86
68
.558
St. Louis
81
73
.526
Boston
79
73
.620
Brooklyn
62
91
.405
Philadelphia
61
92
.399
Cincinnati
58
96
.377
AMERICAN LEAGUE
Won
Lost
Pet.
New York
102
52
.662
Detroit
89
65
.578
Chicago
86
68
.568
Cleveland
83
71
.539
Boston
80
72
.526
Washington
73
80
.477
Philadelphia
, 54
97
.358
St. Louis
46
108
.299
Injured Ankle May Keep Zachary From Tech Game
fielder’s choice
This afternoon at 1:30 (CST), the World Series opens with the Gi’ants meeting the Yankees in the latter’s stadium . . . two games will be played there and then three at the Polo Grounds . . . ,f any more are necessary, the teams return to the Yankee Stadium . . . since the Cubs are out of it, we are not pulling for either team ... the Yankees are our choice^ in the series, however, four games out of five. —tc— Inter-fraternity golf will be the first athletic event finished . .. four
are
will meet the Theta Chis,
—^fc—
From the results in the first part ^ the round robin series among the track men it looks as if it is en the sen- • . the sen-
iors and the freshmen
en . . . Chuck Terhune, one of ienior’s hopes, is laid up with ifected foot . . . |that cuts our ler down to about five.
—fc—
We received a letter from the Union saying that they were getting the bowling tournament under way m a couple of weeks ... it looks like they want to give this popular winter sport a long season.
Subscribe for The Purcfue Exponent
NOW!
BALLROOM DANCING CLASSES INDIANA’S LARGEST DANCING SCHOOL Beginners Enroll Friday, Oct. 8, 7:00 P. M. Adult Advanced Class Thursday, Oct. 7, 7:00 P. M. WE ALSO HAVE ADULT TAP CLASSES High School Baflroom Class Saturday, Clet. 9 6:30 P. M. CALL OR PHONE 2150 ALLEN’S Sixth and Ferry
»the Purdue Exponent \ Service Directory
— Bookstores —
— Hardware —
SOUTHWORTH^S
EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE
Everything for the Purdue Student
PAINTS FLOOR WAX
J. SPERB HDW.
“DEAC”
822 MAIN
Everything for a College Education H. G. REISNER
— Beauty Studio —
•
PROFESSIONAL
EXCLUSIVE BEAUTY SERVICE
The Risk Dental Clinic PB. PAUL A. RISK'
• Co-ed Specials, Thurs. - Fri.
DR.nAROLDJ. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK ^ mt. LUTHER A. RISK
KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO
4th & Main Phone 5701
662 Main Phone 7727
Furniture —
Student Equipment JuknJ^tuM 425 Columbia St. Phone 2728
A defeated, but not dispirited. Boilermaker squad received another set-back Monday, when Jim Zachary, one of Purdue’s first string ends, pulled tendons in his ankle, to put him on the sidelines for at least two weeks. Zachary was injured midway in the practice session, leaving Coach Mai Elward without two of his regular ends, as Don Powell is already on the disabled list from a dislocated elbow received in the Ohio State game. Bad News This news came as a blow because Zachary was one of the remaining “big guns” all set to turn back the Carnegie Tech squad, which boasts a virtually veteran combination, with Captain Charles Miskevies, center, James Lee, fullback, and Jerry Matelan, halfback, as outstanding stars. Rely On Isbell Purdue’s hopes of preventing Carnegie from duplicating its victory of two years ago are built around the brilliance of Cecil Isbell, left halfback, and the fighting ability of a line that is built around Clem Woltman and Capt. Martin Schreyer, tackles. Two new ends will be taken from the squad consisting of Jack Krause, Bill Vergane, Gene Britt, Stan Thursby, George Spehn, Andy Botney, and probably one or two others. Union Plans Bowling Tourney For Greeks Plans are being formulated by the Purdue Student Union for an interfraternity bowling tournament, to begin October 19, on the Union alleys. Every fraternity is eligible to participate for the awards. Silver cups will be given for the highest team score and a gold key for the highest individual score. The members of the winning team will each receive keys. Each team will be made up of five men, and each team must pay a charge of $2.50 evehy time they play. In case a team fails to appear for any match that team will be automatically eliminated from further play. Fraternity managers who desire to enter a team in the tournament, should inform Union vice-president, W. K. Millholland, who has charge of the meet, as soon as possible. Four Frafernitles Enter Semi-Finals In Golf Tournament Interfraternity golf entered into the semi-final stages yesterday with four successful teams representing the Phi Kappa Psi’s, Phi Delt’s, S. P. E.’s and Theta Chi’s still in the running. Opening matches weie played in the semi-final bracket yesterday by these four teams and will be continued today. In the initial match the Phi Kappa Psi’s met the Phi Delt’s and the S. P. E. squad played the Theta Chi’s. Both of these matches will be continued today. Match Play In Finals In the opening rounds of the meet the gross scoi’e of each team was used to determine the winners, but in the semi-finals and finals match play rules are being used. Individual players of each squad aiq paired; the man who wins the most holes is the winner. The squad that turns in two or more victories will be the winner of the match. Dickinson Cards a 32 Tom Dickinson, Phi Delt, turned in the best score of the meet so fay when he completed the nine holes lyith ^ 32, jbeatiag par by three strokes. Phi Kappa Psi turned in the low^ est qualifying score with 220, an^ the Phi Gam’s who were eight among the qualifiers, needed strokes to cover the nine Indeeui
<1 ' - .
f'y
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
i
11:
S«:
Governor Addresses Ag Extension Agents • With 250 coiinty agents, home demonstration agents, and county club loaders registering, the annual four-day Agricultural Extension Conference opened in the ballroom of the Memorial Union Building yesterday at 1 o'clock. Governor M. Clifford Townsend was the principle speaker at the banquet last night at which Director of Extension, Dean Skinner, acted as toastmaster. This morning’s program begins promptly at 8 a. m. in the Union ballroom, with Prof. J. A. Starrak of Iowa State College and Hassil E. Schenck, president of the Indiana Farm Bureau, delivering the main addresses. '|'here will be a similar meeting thi^ afternoon and the annual farmers’ institute dinner is to be held in the reception room of the Union tonight at 6:15. Librarian Will Speak At Browsing Heeling Those interested in learning something more of the technicalities of book manufacture will have an opportunity to hear L. W. Josselyri, University librarian, speaking on “The Seven Joys of Reading” at the regular Browsing Room meeting in the faculty lounge of the Memorial Union Building tonight at 7:30. These Browsing Room meetings are a regularly sponsored activity of the Student Union and are under the supervision of Vice-President Mason. Co-eds Elect Rooming House Council Prexy Margaret Douglas was elected president of the Women’s Rooming House Council yesterday afternoon in the W. S. G. A. office by representatives from 17 co-ed rooming houses. The organization was formed to acquaint co-eds with rooming house problems and conditions. To have a representative on the council, any house must have five or more co-eds living in it. Other officers elected were Winifredj Clapp, vice-president; Ruthjean Carr, secretary; Jane, Robinson, treasurer and social chairman. Miss Coolidge, assistant dean of women, spoke at the meeting, explaining the purpose of the organization and the significance of W. S. G. A. rulings for these houses. Faculty Men To Lead Scientists'Meeting Members of the University faculty will have an important part in the fifty-third annual meeting of the Indiana Academy of Science, to be held at Manchester College, North Manchester, November 4,'5, and 6. Two of the nine division chairmen are Purdue men: Prof. C. L. Porter of the botany department, chairman of the Academy’s botany division, and Prof. C. E. Robbins of the mathematics department, chairman of the mathematics division. Also, Prof. J. J. Davis, head of the entomology department, is a member of the program committee for the November meeting. Prof. L. A. Test, of the chemistry department, is secretary of the organization.
Mechanicals Take Cord Trophy Third Consecutive Time Victors for the third consecutive time in three years of competition, the senior mechanical engineei’S literally walked away with the G. A. Young trophy last Cord Day. This trophy is pi'esented annually after the first home game to the engineering school that comes closest to having a perfect attendance of its seniqi's, appropriately garbed in yellow cords, black derbies, and Pittsburgh stogies. Assuming the mathematics of Prof. G. A. Young, head of the mechanical school, and E. M. Cox, president of Pi Tau Sigma honorary fraternity, to be correct, the mechanicals won by dint of having 197 out of a possible 203 seniors in their parade. The E. E.’s doubled the mechanical’s absent list, with 12 short in a class of 92. The civil engineers ran thiyd, the Ch. E.’s also ran, and no report was given of the public service school. H.C. Vanderbilt, Sc.'85 Dies Monday Afternoon Howard C. Vanderbilt, Sc. ’85, member of one of the oldest families of Lafayette, died Monday afternoon at his home in Indianapolis. Vanderbilt was a son of Dr. Austin G. Vanderbilt, one of the pioneer residents of Tippecanoe county. After graduating from the old Lafayette high school, Vanderbilt entered the University in 1881. In 1912 he moved to Indianapolis, where he has been living since, traveling extensively the last few years. Services will be held in the Bradshaw funeral home at 2:30 p. m. tomorrow. Radio Club Picks Officers University Radio Club members held election of officers last night, and the following members were elected to offices: W. E. Thompson, W9BJL, president; M. T. Gannon, W9RTF, vice-president; W. W. Binford, W8HEY, secretary-treasurer. Following the meeting Gannon gave a talk on radio tubes, illustrated by samples from his collection.
Local Ads
TYPEWRITERS — Adding machines, sold, purchased, rented, and repaired. Supplies. Multigraph and mimeograph work. C. F. Ebershoffi 605 Main street.
FOR RENT—Room for two students. No other students in house. Call 35682.
FOR RENT—Double room for men students./ Across from the Delta Chi house. 352 Northwestern.
WANTED—To rent or buy—copy of A. S. H. V. & E. Guide, 1935 edition or later. Call Aldrich 51442.
'WANTED—One alto sax man. Call 3766.
WANTED—Roommate, comfortable room. $10.00. 314 Stadium. Phone 31974.
FOR RENT—-To University.^taff member or acceptable party. Seven
Shop with us and save! Indirect Study Lamps $2.39 K & E Beginners Slide Rule .......... $1:25 Laundry Bags Form “B” Paper, 100 sheets 25c Purdue Stationary, 18 sheets lOc New Inexpensive Practice Slide Rule
25c
PURDUE 5c to $1.00 STORE 314 W. State St. ACROSS FROM WEST LAFAYETTE POSTOFFICE
rooms furnished, from October 16. Only $35. 405 East Stadium. Phone 46094. Larg'e grounds. Fine views.
LOST—Wallet containing $13, N. J. driver’s license, passpOrt.—Reward. Initials R. L. W. Call 51303.
Catalyst Club: All members place your nominations for pledges in voting box in Dr. Lovell’s office. Nominations can come from senior members only, and must be in by October 11. —BOWMAN.
Exponent Freshmen: The following men will meet in the Exponent office (room E) in the Union at 4 p. m., October 8, for instruction and assignments. Baker, Barker, Beer, Blocker, Connolley, DeBayle, Fournier, Gaddis, Grass, Greenwood, Gregory, Heiple. Henderer, Johnson, Losson, Lowe, Lower, McKee, Maudlin, Meiers, Meyer, Middleton, Morgan', Musser, Robson, Ross, Steenro(l, Strickland, Van Hook, Thompson, Walton, Wetsel, Wheeler, Williams Wunderlich, Yates. —BROCK.
Purdue Flying Club: Ship is now available for flying at any time. Make appointments with Capt. Aretz. —DOSTAL.
Glider Club: Meeting October 7, at 7:30 p. m. in room A of the Memorial Union Building. All back dues must be paid at this time. —MOORE.
P. I. A.; All interested in enrolling in dance class call at PIA office from 4 to 6 :30 p. m. any day until October 9. —CLYMER.
P. I. A. Members: Those who forfeited their membership cards please caU at P. I. A. office October 7 between 4 and 6 p. m. —PARKHURST.
Lafayette Philatelic Society: The weekly meeting will be held in the Tippecanoe County Historical Society rooms on October 6, at 7 :30 p. m. —MILLER. Union Sophomores: The following are the vice-presidents’ committees for this semester: Harper—Kirk Dinkins, David Hartman, C. E. Jackman, R. E. Culbert, Fred Hallett^ John D. Hardin, W. H. Murray, C. E. Griest, D. W. Sweetman. Cabonargi-^W- M. Curtis, R. W. Brown, R. P. McConnell, J. H. Bowling, R. C. Henry, A. B. Copeland, J. M. Martin, J. Mussen, B. L. Page. Millholland—J. Messmore, R. Recktenwall, L. C. Morrison, J. R. Bowen, R. C. Kany, W. P. Schaefer, J. J. O’Malley, J. N. Rice, W. O. McWorkman, Mason—W. F. George, E. G. Malcolm, J. E. Dailey, K. W. Kuebler, J. A. Richardson, R. E- Stradling, P. D. Rensenhouse, B. Bobbitt, Bratten. Garland—-R. B. Reed, J. W. Ashton, L. G. Drabing, Peterson Stewart, H. W. Heubner, H. C. Schryver, A. J. Golden, G. W. Kuhn, W. R. Ourand. Taylor—^C. F. Lutz, C. P. Patrick, J. A. Lindeman, F. D. Lewis, P. T. Cooper, J. B. Wright, H. D. Pogue, R. C. Gamier, L. C. Hill. —Matthews—G. McCoy, D. L. Brubeck, A. M. Belfield, J. I. Saltzstein, C. E. Kramer, F. B. Hartman, K. Kelble, H. N- Jones. Samelson—J. Williamson, C. C. Coan, R. O. Sheckell, R. H. Moninger, D. Meyers, R,
A. Lynch, D. Stapleton, C. W. Heady, B. DeMars. , • Jacobson—W., Restenwall, <f F. Ruppert, J. E. Kerwin, B./ Gobeille, J. P. McGrath, A. R. Cornell, W. W. McElyea, K. Norquest, H. Mayerhofer, J. A. Larsh. —PUTZE.
W. A. A. \ Tennis: 'The following games must be played by October 9: Rumann vs. Swift; Sexton vs. Merritt; Heeter vs. Demoret; Swick vs. TheJmaS; Walker vs. Stocker; Owen vs. Mather; Kesler vs: Rendall: Schilling vs. Morris; Anderigg vs. Beck: Jackson vs. Petticrew; Spry vs. Baxter ; and Meyer vs. Davidson. , See bulletin board for phone numbers of opponents. —JENKINS.
Playshop Production Board: The following please call the Pi Kappa Alpha house for their Varsity Show tickets October 6 ; Beth McCool, Marian Learning, Kitty Cromer, and Martha Gillespie. —GLOVER.
Industrial Education Students: Supper meeting in' Union cafeteria October 6, at 6:46 p. m.; Election of officers of Industrial Education Society afterwards. —MOORE.
Union Committee: Will the members of my committee please meet in the Union office at 4 p. m., October 6. Important. —HARPER.
Sophomore Co-ed Union Workers: All coed sophomore Union workers please report to the Union office at 2 p. m. October 6. —CROSSMAlSf, EASTBURN, 'TURNER, WOOD.
Union Committee: My committee meet in the Union office at 4 p. m. October 6. —MASON.
. Union Committee: My committee meet in the Union office at 4 p. m., October 6. —JACOBSON.
Debate Managers: Sophomore men who made application for managerial positions report to room F of the Memorial Union Building at 5 p. m., October 8. This also applies to the juniors. -PERRY.
Eta Kappa Nu: Short Important meeting in room F of the Memorial Union Building at 7:30 p. m. October 6. —WELLS.
Union Committee: My committee meet in the Union workshop at 4 p. m. October 6. —SAMUELSON.
Union Committee: My committee meets in the Union workshop at 4 p. m. October 6. —GARLAND.
Senior Military Students: Wear ovei-seas caps to Corps Day, October 7. —MUSHAM.
Flying Club: Important meeting in room D of the Union Building at 7 p. m; October 6. Class A members should be there. —CONWAY.
Alpha Lambda Delta: Important meeting October 7 at 4 p. m. in room B of the Memorial Union Building. —RANDALL.
Catalyst Club: Meeting to choose pledges will be held in Heavilon Hall October 13 at 7 :30 p. m. Imperative that all members be present. —BLAIR.
W. A. A. Cabin Group: Reference readings are available in the W. A. A. office. A written test will be given at 5 p. m. October 7. —SWICK.
Gimlet Club: Dinner meeting at the Sigma Nu house October 6 at 6:15 p. m. —BROWN.
FREE TICKET
FOR PURDUE NIGHT
Master of Ceren. • rue R. • '“®^einonies
the AUDlENckv^T?" f the show-52 ce/v'’"'" t,cke/now ioM ^•RJOHNSrON
Wednesday, October 6, 1937
16 Good reasons why you should use the Union Union Glub^ Clean, quiet, comfortable rooms. Moderately priced. Ballroom— You can enjoy a dance every Friday and Saturday evening. Cafeteria— Wholesome food — good service. Sweetshop— Collegiate atmospherewaitresses to serve you satisfying refreshments. Grill Lounge— Modern furnishings in mellow atmosphere—fireplace —refreshments. Bcirber Shop— Five barbers to serve you so that waiting time is cut to minimum. Game Room— A convenient place to meet your friends for a game of bridge. Music Room— Music for music lovers of every type. Chestnut Room— Dignified surroundings for a pleasant meal. Bowlings Five of the most up-to-date bowling alleys in the state. Billiards— Five pocket pool tables and four billiard tables. Telephone— Free local calls—^long distance and telegraph facilities at your disposal. Check Room— Free checking at all times. Lounge— Comfortable furniture, pleasant surroundings, radio at your disposal at all times. Banquet Rooms— Arrangements may be made for parties or other Social gatherings. ' I ■. Browsing Room— Read the world's best ... most enjoyable. J/UL
Corner of the Campus—Yet the Center of Activities