>
f 1? u ■
(Eht !?ur£luc TSxpanent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 28, 1936
NUMBER 3S
300 Firemen Attend State Fire School
Closing Day Will Feature Discussions And Demonstrations
Progress in Indiana’s fire training programs was aniong the topics discussed yesterday at the initial session of the third annual Indiana Fire School, which is being held here at the University yesterday and today. More than 300 Hoosier iiremen were in attendance for the
opening session. Donald F. Stiver of Indianapolis, director of the department of Public Safety of Indiana, and W. P. McGuire of Indianapolis, water works engineer, discussed the subject “Progress in Indiana’s Fire Training Programs.” “Value of Discipline” was the subject of a talk by Stuart McLeod, who is Major of the Field Artillery for the Lafayette Military Area. The final feature of the morning session was a talk “The Fire Department And The Public” given by Richard E. Vemor of Chicago, manager of the fire prevention bureau for the Western Actuarial Bureau. Control of Fires Types of fires and how to control them, explosions and fires caused T)y water, fire loss investigations, and driving fire apparatus will be among the subject matter discussed and demonstrated to the firemen this afternoon. The evening session, which will be held in the Memorial Union Building, will include a round table discussion of general firemen’s problems, which will be led by Col Clarence Goldsmith of Chicago. Uhief Harry C. Williams, of Cincinnati, and others.
Ag School Enters Stock In Contest
Seventy-two animals from the University experimental livestock collection will be entered ih the 1936 IntemIttlSnal Live Stock Exposition in Chicago starting November 28. Last year University animals won the Hereford steer contest, 6 championships for different breeds of wethers, 3 championships for barrows, and the grand championship pen. The University also had the grand champion barrow for the fifth consecutive time.
Karnowsky Wins Hays Cup Tau Epsilon Phi Awarded Ankeny^ Cup In Beveridge Finals
4f00 Princ^ais To Meet Here
High School Superintendents, Others To At^ tend Conference
More than 400 high school superintendents and principals, guidance instructois, and others interested are expected to attend the second annual Guidance Conference which will be held at the University November 6 and 7, according to an announcement made by Professor H. H. Remmers of Purdue, chairman of the conference committee. Dr. E. C. Elliott, will give the initial address. He will be followed by Dean Max McConn who will speak on “A Working Philosophy Of Life.” “Putting A Philsosophy Of Guida(n<» Into Practice” will be the subjeet of the address by Virgil Stinebaughu IHscassimi Professor Melvin S. Lewis will then lead a discnsison of M*- Stinebaugh’s speech. “The Curriculum And Guidance” will be discussed by Professor Henry Harap. Professor Russel Greenly, of the education department at Purdue University, will speak on “Co-ordinat-ing The*, School And Industry.” The program will close with a symposium on “Present Trends In Guidance” by W. J, Hockett, Principal DeWitt S. Morgan, and Professor Louis Wirth.
Final Meeting Of Wesley Relations Glass Tonight The last meeting of the BoyGirl Relations class will take place this evening at seven o’clock at the Wesley Foundation House. The new class in “Technique Of Planning Worship Services” will start at the same time. The regular meeting of the class on “Preparation For Marriage’’ will meet as usual at 9:00 at 206 Pierce street.
Warmer
By Tempy Exponent Weather Mouse I can’t guess nothin’ lately. The ed tells me that I've been to too many W. S. G. A. teas. Or maybe it is still the Chicago hangover ? Somewhat warmer today.
Maurice Karnowsky, speaking on “What Price Electric Power” before a capacity audience in the Duncan Hall lecture room of the Electrical Engineering Building, placed first last night in the finals of the Beveridge contest for freshmen. His award is permanent possession of the Hays trophy, donated by the Hays Jewelry Company of Lafayette. He was followed closely by Donald Paarlberg, who spoke upon “A Planned Agriculture.” W. D. Croft captured third place with his speech upon “Service Or Bureaucracy.” Ankeny Cup Tau Epsilon Phi, due to Karnowsky’s fifteen points awarded for first place, obtained possession of the Ankeny Cup, donated by the Hays Jewelry Company, for the next year. Judges for the contest Were G. D. Williams, Jack Neil, and Rev. G. A. Ritchey. R. J. Dearth presided. Thejtwo wipners of the newly instated Hahley contest engine^s were "Karhowsky and Ci’oft. They will make their speeches for the allschool Hanley contest March 18 next semester.
Kappa Delta Rho To Present Union
Sunday Program
The first of the Sunday evening supper programs to be given in the Union Cafeteria will be presented by Kappa Delta Rho fraternity, Sunday, October 31. Ralph Suesse wilt act as master of ceremonies over an old fashioned amateur pro-
gram. Louis Billman, who doubled for Sully Mason, Kay Kyser's vocalist, while Sully was vacationii^ this summer, will offer~some of the songs he sang over the NBC network. Ray Anderson and Bill Mobyneaux, who tied for first place on one of Major Bowes^’ programs will play one of fheir’ accordion and harmonica duets. Hill-Billies Hill-billy songs will be sung by Melvin Levers and Marvin Carlson. Hal Launie, an operatic tenor of considerable ability who Studied voice in Europe this summer, will sing selections from “Faust.” Other members of the fraternity will compose the washboard band.
AIEEWffl Hear Jones At Meetmg Tomorrow
American Institute of Electrical Engineers is extending its membership drive to cover the sophomores and juniors at an open meeting tomorrow in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering Building. Charles W. Jones, employment supervisor of Eli Lilly and Company, wfll address the meeting on “How To Get A Job And How To Hold It.”
Recent Appointment Of See. Of War Recalls Political Yarn To Writer
By ARNOLD SERWER Associated Collegiate Press Correspondent
EDiotts Entertain Foreign Students
Dr. and Mrs. Elliott and Mrs. Elliott’s mother, Mrs. John Nowland, assisted by members of the Y. W. C. A. cabinet and other student leaders of the Uni-v^ersity's religious groups, entertained 160 students of other lands now attending the University at tea last Sunday afternoon at the Blhott home.
Washington, D. C.—^The recent appointment of Harry Woodring, one time Kansas Governor, as Secretary of War, recalls a story this writer heard some time ago from a man wise in the ways of politicians who heard it from a Big Shot here who is even wiser in the ways of politicians. As far as I know, the story hasn’t been in print before. Probably the reason it hasn’t been printed is because no one ever, believed it. I don’t believe it myself, but in the light of the Presidential campaign it is such a good story, that I’m passing it on for what it is worth. According to the tale, Landon gained the governorship of Kansas, which eventually made him a presidential possibility, with the aid of the Democratic high command in 1932. In their eagerness to put Roosevelt in the White House the Democratic strategists put Landon in the governorship, a move that James Aloysius Farley must now regret sorely, if there is any truth at all in the yarn. Political Barter To go back to the beginning, it seems that in 1932 Mr. Woodring, then Governor of E^ansas, was running for a second term against Alf Landon. Democrats behind Woodring were also expected to vote for Roosevelt, while the Landon supporters were being counted on to
vote for Hoover. At this point, according to the story. Woodring’s managers, fearing that he would be defeated, quietly went to the Landop, managers with a proposal for a highly interesting political maneuver. They offered to throw Democratic support in the state to Mr. Hoover. Their , following, or that part of it which was machine following, would vote for Mr. Hoover and Woodring. In return, the Republican machine following was to abandon Landon and vote for Mr. Woodring and Mr. Hoover. In other words, they would switch Roosevelt votes to Hoover and win the state for the Republicans in the Presidential election in return for a switch of Landon votes to Woodrin^, in order to keep Woodring in the capitol at Topeka. The Roosevelt backers got-wind of the political legerdemain scheduled to take place in Kansas. Their primary purpose was to elect a President, not to keep a Democratic Governor in office in Kansas. Besides they were feeling quite bitter. One double-cross deserved another. Quietly they made a deal with the Landon men. In return for support of Roosevelt by Landon’s following, they-promised support of Landon by Roosevelt Democrats in Kansas. If the story is true, by this time the whole business must have been as complicated as an income tax return. (Continued on page 4)
GhE’s Inspecting Detroit Industries
Approximately 70 senior chemical engineering students, under the leadership of Prof. C. L. Lovell, are in the vicinity of Detroit, Mdiigan, this week where they are inspecting various manufacturing plants, paying especial attention to the features of the plant relative to chemical engineering. Among the plants on their itinerary are Michigan Alkali Plant, Hiram Walker and Company, distillers, of Walkerville, Ontario; Socony Vacuum Company, the Detroit Edison Company, Berry Bros. Paint and Varnish Company, and the River Rouge Plant of the Ford Motor Company. The group left Lafayette last Sunday morning in busses and automobiles, and will return to the city Friday at 6 p. m.
Senate
Activities
Begi
ns
Union Tryouts Tomorrow For
Holiday Show
Tryouts for the Thanksgiving Union Show will be held tomorrow at 4:00 o’clock in the Union ballroom, it wafffhnnotihced tp^ay li^ Ward Stallings and Jean Perkins. They recommend that students especially adept in singing and dancing, try out, as this feature is a forerunner of the big Union show in the spring and is for the purpose of finding talent for the spring production.
HalFTo Address
Forum Tonight
“Fascism and Communism” will be the subject of a talk that will be given by Prof. Frank R. Hall of the history, economics, and government department of the University, tonight at 7:39 o’clock, at the Multiproforum meeting in the Horticulture Building, according to an announcement made by F. W. Bollman, of the practical mechanics departm,ent, who is in charge of the meeting. Trend of “events in Europe and elsewhere in regard to nationalistic governments will be explained by Professor Hall in his lecture. Dean R. G. Dukes of the Graduate School of the University will lead the discussion. The meeting will be held in room B in the new addition of the Memorial Union Building. Studenfts, faculty members, and townspeople are invited by Bollman to dttend.
Radio Qiib To Sponsor Classes In Morse Code
Code classes, sponsored by the University Radio Club, and designed to meet the requlrepoients of amateur radio operator license examinations, will begin this afternoon at 4 o’clodc Open to all interested, the classes will meet each Monday, Wednesday, and Friday in room 264 of the Electrical Engineering Building, where Morse code practice wilj be held. The classes will begin at very slow rates for those who are just learning the characters.
Music Room Program
Nomi, 12 to 1 O’dodt 1. Serenade—Eine kleine Naohtmueic (Mo*art) Omandy—'Minneapolis Symphony Orchestra. a. In the Village (Jppollttov-Ivanov) Stokowski—Philadelphia Symphony Orchestra. 8, Prince Igop-rPolpvatski Dance (Bcatpdin)—Philadelphia ^mphony Oroheatra.
Nov. 10 New Date
Set For PI A Party; Orchestra To Play
Under the direction of Prof. P. E. Lull, the play, “Common Clay” »will be presented at P. I. A.’s party, Which* has been peid^poned, due to the Military 'Ball, until November 10. The orchestra will provide music throughout the play. Lines are recited in rhythm to the music. The cast includes. Judge, Louglor Lawrence; Jane, Emily Jayne Myer; Steve, William Briscoe; Mother, Charlean Whitington; Mason, John Mank; Policeman, M. J. Prassas; Clerk, Lanson Bown; Detective, John Cibanski. The costumes and make-up were suggested by Helen Steffee, and Charlean Whittington, respectively; the stage settings by John Cibanski. Manager, Ralph Maby.
Nine Pledged To Ceres Fraternity
Ceres, honorary agriculture fraternity, announces the pledging of the following men, seniors: H. F. Gray, Hanover; H. D. Todd, Flora; W. W. Myers, Ashley; Juniors: D. L. Henry, Evansville; R. H. Chinn, Kokomo; R. B. Davis, Seymour; R, C. Ziegler, Veedersburg; J. C. Dibble, Rising Sun; and C. R. Luke, Goshen.
N^otices
Interfraternity Presidents’ Council— Important meeting tonight in Eliza Powier Hall at 8 o’clock. —KETTLE.
Gimlet Club—^Important meeting tonight in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 o’clock —HOGDON.
Student Senate—Important meeting tonight in Eiiza Fowler Hall at 8 o’clock. . —MAKTIN.
Iteamer Glnb-rlmportant meeting tonight at 8 o’clock in Elisa Fowler Hall. —BUXTON.
Mortar Board—Important meetipg tonight in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 o’clock. —ADKlNa
Skull'and Crescent—Imporant meeting tonight in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 o’clock. —fenstbrmakek.
Women’s Pan-Hellenic Council—Ins. PO^nt meeting tonight in Eliza Fowlm: Hall at 8 o’clock. —SCHAAF.
Women’s Residence Hall—Important meeting tonight in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 o'clock. —SOmCKLEB.
Activities Conndl—Important meeting tonight in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 o’clock. —HUNT.
Purdue Independent Association—Important meeting tonight in Elisa Fowler Hall at 8 o’clock. —HEBSCH.
East Cary Club—Important meeting tonight In Eliza Fourier Hall at 8 o'clook. —McEACHBON.
Appointment of committees and brief consideration of business matters occupied the 30 minutes of the first session of the Student Senate for the semester in the reception room of the Memorial Union Build-
ing last night.
President Glen Martin appointed C. G. Elliott, chairman, Betty Elstun, and D. J. Rohyans as a committee for drafting a reply to Indiana University’s letter of sympathy on the explosion accident of the football squad. S. D. Mites, Betty Ann Stewart, J. T. Campbell, and H. E. Montfort make up a committee for revising the point rating of campus activities for the University personnel department. Other Committees Martin named D. H. Farquharson head of the committee on committees and stated that other committees would be announced this week. The Senate summarily discussed open ‘'campaignhig' in studenh 'elections, but no action was taken.
KyrI To Play For Musical Gonvenfioii
Would-Be Sculptor Dlrec^ Symphonie Bai^ Without Baton
Plan Flower
Under The Mirror Book notes from the Btowsing Boom
GOLDEN WEDDING
By Anne Parrish Anne Parrish tells the story of an American family over a period of fifty years. From the courtship of Dan Briggs and Laura Leland, the marriage of this country youth and shy southern girl to the celebration of their golden wedding, the reader is entertained by the characters which move through its pages. There is Dan, the mhn with the touch of a Midas turning everything to gold yet getting little else from life, and Lamra, his wife Who exasperates one with her futile acceptance of whatever fate and her husband give her. The four children of this couple and all the impecunious relatives who gather about them bring little of happiness but many responsibilities and heartaches. Dan is a tragic figure in spite of
his gl^eat wealth ,and the golden
wedding celebrated in the final chapter with children, grandchildren, and great-grandchildren is so lacking in real happiness that the reader feels a sense of loss. Yet there is no bitterness, rather a realization of the futility of great riches when there is nothing in life
but this pursuit of gold.
Dr. J. A. Estey To Spoak On British Fiction
Dr. J. A. Estey, head of the University history and economics department, will speak to a group of interested students and faculty members at 7:30 tomorrow night in room A of the Memorial Union Building on the subject, “British Fiction In Tk« Browsing Room.” Dr. Estey w«s instrumental in selecting the books by British authors, now in the Browsing Room.
No baton wiU steal any of file grace from the fingers of Boiramir Kryl as he directs his symphcmic band in the second musical convocation of the academic year in the Memorial Gymnasium next Tuesday evening. Using only his hands to lead the musicians, he interprets music precisely as the composers intended. Bohemian by birth, Klryl has led musical organizations in America •for many years. Although he wanted to be a sculptor, Kryl has found fame and a\ the same time has satisfied his artistic temperament in music. Soloist With him on Tuesday night’s program will appear Margery Maxwell, a South Dakota girl who received her musical training in America, and who has been acclaimed as a lyric soprano both in this country and in France where she appeared With the Grand Opera Company in Bordeaux, France. Harpist Cornelia Bone, well known harpist, will also play for Tuesday’s convocation, and Kryl will show, in a cornet solo, that his musical talent includes more than directing ability. The program for the evening includes popular favorites from opera, two movements from the sjrmphony “From The New World”, and several well known compositions by American and European musicians.
$600 Offered In Merchandise Prizes^ Stndents May Compete
Flowers, fruits, and vegetables will be exhibited at the I6th annual Furdue Horticultural Show which will be held Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday of next week, here at the University. Special classes for exhibits by University students, commercial growers and 4-H Club and vocationsJ students, have been provided with a premium Hst offering prizes of merchandise valued at $600, Officers for the show consiste of C. D, Koch, Indianapolis, manager, assisted by L. L. Morris, Terre Haute, and 8. R. Smitii, Pendleton. The premium manager is J. W. Townsend, Upland. The committees are headed by R. G. Baur, Indianapolis, pnWeity; L. J. l>oud, Denver, special" exhibits; and G. I. Sheets, Frankfort, arrangements. Starting in 1915 the exhibit consisted of only a' few trays of apples. It has grown steadily in size until now the exhibition includes many different kjnds of fruite, vegetables and a large display of chrysanthemums. This show m fostered by the Purdue Hortieultaral Club, Indiana Horticultural Society and the Indiana Vegetable Growers Association for the purpose of stimulating greater interest among flowers, fruits, and vegetables in students in vocational and high schools and the general public*
Build New Edue^on School At Indimm V.
Johnson Improved Monday morning at 11 o’clock Miss Vivian Johnson of the Physics department was operated on for acute appendicitis at the Home hospital. Her condition is reported as favorable. Dr. H. G. Martin is in ohartie.
Indiana University has received approval on a PWA project calling for the construction of a new s^dMMd of education and a laboratory. F, M. Logan, Indiana PWA director, has placed the total cost Oif project at ^$858,000. The PWA gi-ant for the constructien is $386,100. The stone-faced building will coa^ tain two gymnasiums and ah auditorium, 144 by 60 feet. One will be occupied hy the eduenitiea school and the remainder by the
laboratory school*r yr aytj,»j;e,jtv^’TTP'
■f *5' J
'V ' 'A r‘'% r
Pfcge’A*Wo
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, October 28,1936
The King Steps Out King Edward, who as yet is uncrowned, has been in the headlines quite a bit recently. Those headlines, however, have not been in English papers when they referred to his conjectured romance with an American woman. Everyone who has been following the case knows the details. The King, a bachelor for over forty years, has evinced considerable interest in the lady in question, who is now in the process of securing a divorce from her husband. Many people have criticized the American press severely for what they call interference in the private life of a distinguished man who happens to be a king. The English papers have not even mentioned the divorce suit around which the tale is woven. Probably they feel they are only showing a decent respect to the King, but also they may be somewhat leery of the strict British libel laws and the' “non-existent” British censonship. Recently censors deleted two pages of a prominent American news magazine which were concerned with the King’s supposed romance. This might have been done under the name of decency, but you couldn’t tell an American editor that such was the reason. The English claim a free press, but this incident seems to contradict their statement. It is true that the British newspapers do not dwell' on sensational things as much as do American papers, which is a sign of English superiority perhaps, but it is also true that there is a distinct lack of freedom in other lines as well in England. The English are the people most concerned with the doings of their monarch. But it is the Americans who learn the details as to how the King steps out.
Readers’ Opinions The Exponent toelcotnes comments of good taste and reasonable length from its readers.
Question
To the Editor: A few weeks ago your columnist “Cadwallader” took a vigorous poke at the W. S. G. A. Evidently everything he said about faculty domination must have been true, for I have noticed in your paper no articles written by W. S. G. A. officials or Dean Stratton in I’ebuttal. Or maybe they just choose to ignore the fellow who writes for you under this assumed name. I don’t know much about the W. S. G. A., but ever since I enrolled here in 1935 I have been told that ceitain faculty members have taken it upon themselves to control student affairs, I notice that in your platform you have demanded the establishment of student self government. Surely you must have been thinking at least partially about the W. S. G. A. when you decided to include this point in your platform. If the Idea that certain persons are doing their best to control the life of the human female on this campus is false, why is it so prevalent ?—^Ed of ’39.
Editor’s Note; Is it true what they say about W. S. G, A. and Women’s Pan?
Burke’s Dismissal Threatens Student’s Rights Bob Burke, president-elect of Columbia college’s junior class isn’t in school this fall. Because he isn’t, the Columbia campus has been in constant furor since the fall term opened. Bob Burke, it seems, was invited not to return to school and told that if he attempted to fight his expulsion through the courts, he would have a hard time finding any school in the coimtry which would accept his registration. The story begins last spring when Columbia, together with some score of other American colleges tgtfe exponent Founded in 1883 ' 48t>ii' I 1936 Member 1937 F^socioted G3tle6iate Ptess Distributors of GDlle6iQteDi6esl Member of National College Press Association, Bif Ten Editorial Association ■ePRESEHTEO rOR NATIONAL ADVERTISING BV National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publitkers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New York. N. Y. CHICAGO . Boston • san Francisco Los ANGELES - Portland . Seattle lettered as second class matter at the post office. Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mail, $8.60 per year ; delivered by carrier, $2,60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents. MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6088 Editorial Phone 5037 Daily Student Publication of Purdue University EDITOBIAL STAFF Bditor-iD-Chief W. T. Hunt Managing Editor .E. H. Morris Associate Editors .. . K. A. Barnette, J. E. Brock, A. H. Forster, B. P. Manion, 0. L. Sadler SPOBTS STAFF , Sports Editor — L. D. Wood Associate l^rts Editors W. RL Fifield, S. B. Griffitlu, B. F. Obenchain BUSINEM STAFF Business Manager. B. J. Hulse National Advertising Manager L. H. Brown Loeal Advertbing Manager .D. O. Miller Ciwdatkm Manager — jr, p. Girard WOMEN'S STAFF Editor — Helen Creech Advertising Manager.. Betty Barnett Associate Editors — .Jeanne Janonsek, Doris McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke bsue Editor—A. B. Keller.
received invitations to send representatives to Heidelberg Universitsr’s anniversary jamboree last summer in Germany. Many America schools following the example of Oxford, Cambridge and Birmingham universities in England refused the invitation fearing that they were to be made parties to a Nazi political pow-wow. Columbia, in the face of strong opposition from students and faculty, accepted. Deciding to protest this cooperation of Columbia’s administration with German Nazi-dom and its suppression of academic liberty, 300 students led by the Columbia chapter of the American student union held a mock book burning early one evening in May and climaxed it with a demonstration in front of the home of Dr. Nicholas Murray Butler, Columbia’s president. Bob Burke led the march and spoke at the meeting using words which implied no insult to the president but strong disapproval of his policy. After having been called before administration ofiicials to explain his conduct and after apologizing for profanity reported to have been used by other students at the meeting, Burke, in June, received notification of his expulsion with the warning that he would find it hard to enter any other college if he contested the case. Bob Burke is fighting his case. He has procured the aid of a strong part of the Columbia student body, The Columbia Spectator, the American Student Union both locally and nationally and the American Civil Liberties Union. Every day President Butler is picketed by students, and every day Columbia receives scores of protests from all over the country. Whatever the meri^ of the Heidelberg celebration, surely the matter of Columbia’s representation was one in which students had a right to be interested and a right to express their opinion. Whether the method used was impudent politics is hardly relevant. It is relevant that Bob Burke was expelled because the group which he represente(^' opposed the action of the university administration. Furthermore it is certainly not in accord with American ideals of academic freedom to try to prevent a student from using his rights of recourse to law by threatening him with the
blacklist.—Minnesota Daily.
Opinion
BY CADWALLADER The Exponent wtll not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in thit column. Such opinions are solely those of the writer.
Six Fables
Joe Smith, Pete Brown, Tom Collins, Dick Jones, Jerry Johnson, and Percival Smythe enrolled in the college of Per-Dew. After three years they got to be seniors. Each had a little experience which might bear relating. Joe Smith put a thin dime in a slot machine and won the jack-pot, amounting to 4,067 dimes, 214 slugs, and a button. Pete Brown went out to a joint called the Hav-A-Long and risked five cents in a crap game. His point was six and he won. He kept on and built his five pennies up to five hundred dollars. Tom Collins went down to a beer parlor one ji^ight and-shoved a little round ball into the right hole so many times that he won the magnificent sun;i of $375.33 in three hours. Dick Jones picked the exact scores of eight football games on Saturday and was rewarded for his accuracy by the manager of a local wagering emporium, who gave him seven hundred dollars, Jerry Johnson was a little luckier. He went out for an activity, so-called, which paid big money. He collected thirteen hundred dollars from the suckers who wanted their mugs in a book. Percival Smythe specialized in radio contests. At the end of his senior year he had to rent an eightroom house to hold all the bars of soap, bottles of hair tonic, packages of cereal, and tubes of shaving cream he had had to buy to enter the contests. But he won enough to pay for the items he bought, keep up the rent on the house, and buy a new car, so he was satisfied. MORAL: It can’t happen here.
But such a social vision (the Kingdom of God) is itself utterly hopeless save as its envisaged and fostered by those who are already actually living as though the ideal had already become real.—Charles C. Morrison.
Dr. Frank Hibben, assistant professor in archaeology at the University of New Mexico, has a collection of thousands of arrowheads from Europe, Asia, Australia, Nprth America, and South America.
Freshmen of the 1940 class at the University of New Mexico can now wear corduroy pants. They were given this privilege recently because of the economy of the practice.
“Court Decides Teachers Can Wed At Will.’’ Gazette head-line recently. Some of our teacher acquaintances demand proof, Mr. Editor.—St. Joseph (Mo.) News-Press.
In a cold-blooded sort of way we rather admire those Spanish revolutionists who staged a spectacular uprising without borrowing any money from Uncle Sam—Providence News-Tribune.
Men are sometimes accused of pride merely because their accusers would be proud themselves if they were in their plade,—Shenstone.
2. Establish student SELF-Government. 3. Abolish useless honoraries and reduce honorary fees. 4. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 5. Reform the Student Union election system. 6. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
The price of love is the trouble caused by chiseling , . . “KISSY” PHELPS was on the spot last weekend when he had the sum of two dates for the Phi Kappa Sig Dance Saturday night . . Kappa JEANNE HUNTER is the apple of a certain BOB’S eye—BOB has a desire to plank his pin upon this gal but feels that as long as she desires to ask other men to co-ed bids such as Gold Diggers he will hold off a little while longer . . . BARNEY BORNHAUSER waltz ed BETH McCOOL to the SPE dance Saturday—PERRY WRAY tangled with JEAN STILE—BETH got PERRY’S SPE ring—PERRY wants it back now—BETH is reluctant—what will be the outcome? . . . FRANKIE used to be the byword upon WALPOLE’S lips now that word has changed to LIBBIE —just where will BOB land in this venture—his last one kept him in print—will this one ???.... Now for yours truly’s pet peeve —when a gal breaks a date which she has foolishly made with a freshman or other—the poorest possible excuses that she can use to break such is the old faithful that she is having guests for the week-end— ETTA BEST should have at least invented a new one to break her TRIAD date . . . JUNE STEWART used a much better one by saying that she was going home for the
week-end. . . .
SLEEP is a virtue that college students do without... all but Chi O ‘Chiselpuss’ HUDSON who keeps, five other practice house girls from sleeping with her snoring ... The SPE’s claim that the band for their dance was lousy—‘TONY’ ANTONINI hired them and now the brothers accused him of being in cahoots and are asking him what
his cut was .. .s
Work is a thing that fascinates one—you can sit and look at it all day . . . ^ ^It has ben suggested'that in der future the gals in der “Barracks” put a wastebasket over der single light in der parlor instead of a magazine ... is it possible for a freshman cutie to wear a Purdue sweater Issued by the WAA? ? ?— one little frosh has been seen wearing one of said sweaters—^maybe WAA big shots should look into it WRH ELEANOR WARD goes around claiming that she is a true PURDUE co-ed as defined yesterday’s column—the knight errant drives a motorcycle and ELEANOR loves to ride with him ...
MARS DOIT
All contribs turned in containing doit for this column must be signed —^this will do away with possibility of giving Mars double passes to the wrong person—all doit turned in will be treated confidentially and yours truly will know who turned in what doit . . .
Rent A Car for the Evening ROGERS GARAGE 316 N. 4th Lafayette
ARC LAST TIMES TODAY CHESTER MORRIS AND IRENE HERVEY In 'Three Godfathers" and FRED MACMURRAY AND JOAN BENNETT "13 Hours by Air"
New MAIN LAST TIMES TODAY
Big Double Feature 'The Green Pastures" PLUS SECOND FEATURE 'The House With a Thousand Candles" with Phillip 9«b>>«8 and Mae Clarke
“My mother was frightened by a gypsy.
FRATERNITY SOFTBALL
TODAY Diamond
12—Sigma Chi vs. Winner (Delta Upsilon V8. Sigma Alpha Epsilem). Official,
Mangas.
14—Phi Delta Theta vs. Loser (Delta Upsilon vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon). Official,
GiUiB.
18—Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Kappa Delta Rho. Official, Bartling.
SUBSCRIBE TO THE EXPojNiiiv r
SCEDULE FOR WOMEN’S BOWLING LEAGUE Oct. 29—-7 :00—Kappa Kappa Gamma vs.
Ward 3.
Oct. 29—9:00 Alpha Xi Delta vs. Thaeles. Nov. 6—7:00—Chi Omega vs. Ward 2. Nov. 6—9:00 Alpha Chi Omega vs. Ward 4. Kappa Alpha Theta won by forfeit from Ward 3. Ward 1 defeated Pi Beta Phi by a score of 1113 to 980.
BUdH ^ LAST.^’nMEg JTODAY 2...Big Features...2 LIONEL BARRYMORE in “THE DEVIL DOLL” — and — ELEANORE WHITNEY “3 CHEERS FOR LOVE”
Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday BUCK JONES in “BOSS RIDER OF GUN CREEK” — and — “TUGBOAT PRINCESS”
hiARS LAST TIMES TODAY
Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday
EDMUND LOWE GLORIA STUART “THE GIRl"0N THE FRONT PAGE”
LUMA LAST TIMES TODAY
Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday 2 BIG FEATURES ROBERT YOUNG “SWORN ENEMY” —■and — RICARDO CORTEZ “The Case of the Black Cat”
FRESHMAN LEARNS SMOKING SECRET
BIU.PO THEY GIVE A COURSE IN MAGIC AROUND HERE ?
WHAT DO YOU 'WANT KNOW?
Kfr..HOW YOU UPPER ClASr-l men MUCH tlWWMfeNT OUT OP YOUR PlPES?^
THIS IS A1 SMOKE !
RIGHT, FROSH. WHEN VOUVE BEEN here a WHIIE YOU'U KNOW eDGEMNninija IS THE COLLEGE MANS SMOKE ^ ST*
ISil A TIN
"Cellophane’' torappod
VALUE FOR VPf ,.. and one Inaide white paraffin wrapper front a tin of Edgeworth Jr. We make this amoziog offer of a tl.OO Engliah Type Folding Pouch in Rep Cloth with Ruhberiaed liner for only 10^ and one wrapper,just to perauade you to try Edgeworth Jr. Buy a tin of Rdgeworth Jr. today. Take out the inaide wrapper.' Send the wrapper and yonr dime together with thla coupon (or write your name, coUege and addrcM on the wrapper)—and we wlU aend yonr poueh Immediately, Only one to a onatomer. SPECIAL OFFER
Lanu & Bro. Co., Richmond, Va. Encloced find 10)S and one fautde white panUBn wrapper from a Un of Edgeworth Jr., for which aend me fil.OO valne allk tobaeeo poneh In my eoUege oolora.
,
COULEGB——
1
gaodlfor onfy 90 dUpy I NNMVlMllpMMlMMilMMailMMiWMlMUinWr-
Wednesday, October 28,1936
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
ietder’s.... ««*«c h. o 1 c e —By Bob Walpole, —
We picked up a few things from the University of Minnesota’s very interesting football year book “The Huddle” . , . perhaps you didn’t know of them, and since we thought they might be of some interest, let’s fire . . . —fc— “Big Robbie” Robertson, Purdue’s famous athlete way back when, set a record that has not been overshadowed since ... in 1900 Robertson made the greatest number of field goal place kicks in history—for a single game ... against Rose Polytechniyal he made good on seven attempts . . . —fc— The longest field goal ever to be made from placement was executed by James Haxall, Princeton star, in the Yale game of 1882 ... From his accurate toe, the ball split the cross bar after traveling 66 yards . . . ——f(^— Jim Thorpe, Carlisle Indian star, by scoring 198 points in the 1912 football season, made a mark that has never been equalled in collegiate football . . . —fo—” In 1896, Bemus Price of Carlisle, , returned three Illinois kickoffs for touchdowns in the Illini-Carlisle game of that year in Chicago . . .
The seven veteran coaches of the University of Pittsburgh have more than 51 years of coaching experience between them. Of that number, 40 of them have been spent at Pitt.
Th« honey in the briar keeps the pipe sweet. High-efficiency Condensor cleans, pudfles ’^smoke. Traps moisture. No clog"ging. No trouble. Prove it yourtelff
Complete Assortment of YELLO BOLE PIPES AT DEAC’S
We carry a full line of YELLO BOLE PIPES SOUTHWORTffS
YOU WIN
WHEN THEY TIE
Wear a Botany Tie to your next football gome . . . and get a new one free... if the game ends in a tie score. .
SEE YOUR FOOTBAU PROGRAM
I Your Campus dealer has Bdtaar WiinUe-Proof Ties
BOTANY WORSTED MILIS, PASSAIC,
nvumnni ‘Y I SAIC,N.J.|
We Carry BOTANY TIES LOEB & HENE 323-329 Columbia St.
BOTANY TIES Henry Rosenthal Co. 322 Main St. kedoyette
SAE Captures Greek Race A. Gualke, Pirathon, Runs 2.5 Mile Course In 12:56 Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity took first place in the interfraternity 2j4 mile cross-country race yesterday afternoon on intramural field. Second and third places weUt to Phi Uamma Delta and Theta Xi. Individual winners were A. Gaulke, Pirathon, first, time was 12:66.3; C. Puller, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, second; and K. E. Gardner, Theta Tau, third. Fifty entrants representing fifteen fraternities participated. The winning house will get a trophy and the members of the winning team and the first man to finish will get gold medals. The team score was used in determining results of this contest. According to this method, the finishing positions of the first three men on each team are added together to comprise the score, with the low-scoring team winning.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. P. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
For Sale—Table Radio; with 4 tubes, very cheap if taken at once. Phone 2743.
Fraternity Wall Skins—Will be glad to quote prices. S. R. Derby, St. Nicholas Hotel.
Will The Girl—Who accidentally picked up a black velvet liooded cape instead of her own at the Acacia dance call Barbara Roderick, WRH, and trade.
Roll Top Desk—$12, two metal adjustable chair^, ea. $2.75, chifforobe with wardrobe and drawer' space $10, Books, lots of them. Back number magazines, Ic to 5c each.—Moore’s Colonial Mkt. 220 N. Fifth Street.
notices No noUt^ accepted after S p. m.
Playshop Ticket Salesmen—^AU unsold season tickets must be returned. —BUSSELL.
PROOF PICTURES Senior Debris Pictures—Group may be selected on following dates: 73S21 - 73632, October 28 , 73633 • 73736, October 29 73737 - 73856. October 30 Proofs are being shown in Boom C where pictures were taken. Office opened between 8 and 6 p. m. each day. —DWIGHT. I
Former Boy Scouts—Alpha Phi Omega will hold a smoker Wednesday October 28, at 7:30 in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. All men interested are invited to attend and all members are asked to be present. —KUECK.
Settlement House—^All girls interested in the Settlement House be in the Y. W. C. A. office Wednesday, October 28, at 4 o’clock. —BROWN.
Conditional Examination For CE 22— Will be given in room 801 of the Civil Engineering Building from 1 to 4 p. m. Saturday, December 6, 1936. Please consult instructor well in advance. —SORESON.
Discussion Group—Meeting Thursday/ October 29, instead of Wednesday, October 28, as planned. Subject ‘The Woman’s Place In The Modem World.” —KUEHN.
W. A. A. Hike—All girls interested meet at the Women’s Gym Saturday, October 81, at 2 o’clock. —DOBSON.
Indepependent Student—You may sign up for membership in the Purdue Independent Association at the desk in the lobby of the Memorial Union Building between 11 a. m. and 1 p. m. or 4 and 6 p. m. —PABKHURST.
W. S. G, A. Executive Board—^Important meeting at 7:15 October 28, in the office. —COPELAND.
W. A. A. Riflery—No practice October 28 because of W. A. A. party. -RICHEY.
W. A. A, Hockey—Freshman Orange team vs. juniors October 28 at 4 o’clock. —THOMPSON.
Women’s Bowling—’The following teams play Thursday October 29: Kappa Kappa Gamma vs. Ward 8—7:00. Alpha Xi Delta vs. Tbaeles—9:00. —MY-fiNGER.
Discussion Group—Meeting October 28 in Faculty Lounge at 7:80. The subject will be “Women’s Place In The Modem' World.” —KUEHN.
Union Wprkers—My committee please hand in reports to me October 80. —RIETH.
Union Wbrkera-rUur committees will meet in Workshop at 4:00, October 28. PUTZB, SHEETS. CLAPOLE, FITTS.
F. O. H. M.—^Initiation at 4 ;80 Ootoljer 29 in the Armory. Pledges and actives report in uniform. —LOVE,
Alpha Zeta—Meeting October 28 at 8:16 In Memorial Union. Apply at desk for room. Formal pledging. —HARDIN.
Military Ball Committee—^Tbere will be a meeting of the committee in the cadet officer’s room at 4 o’clock October 28. Bring tickets and ticket lists. ■—BAKER, ^ Newman Club—Important meeting today at 4:80 in' room 1 in Union. —CARTON.
Co4,e Classes—Will be given Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, starting this aftternoon at 4 p. m. in room 264 of the Electrical Building. —BERNSTEIN.
Faiee Three
Injuries Lay Up Gridders Weakenedi Squad Faces Tough Schedule By Bill Fifield Last night as we walked out on the varsity practice field, it appeared to be the exercising ground for a hospital, judging from the immber of cripples hobbling about. The varsity were still taking it easy; some of them were running, through plays, while others were loosening up sore spots. Botney, Gift, and Vergane were out of uniform entirely. Botney and Vergane may tie out for the rest of the season. The former broke his shoulder in practice Monday night. Fred Stalcup reported in imiform, but that was as far as he went. His ankle will probably keep him out of the Carnegie Tech game this Saturday, but he is expected to be in shape for the Fordhaip game. Several other members of the team have sprained ankles, bad knees, and “charley horses.” Tough Games Ahead With two hard intersectional games ahead of him, Kizer is faced with one of the worst crippled teams Purdue has ever had. Carnegie Tech has lost three out of four games, but they have played some of the best teams in the entire country. Last week Tech held Holy Cross to a seven to nothing score. Holy Cross is undefeated and untied so far this season.
Interfraternity Presidents’ Coiuicil—Important meeting tonight in Eiiza Fowler Hall at 8 o’clock. —KETTLE.
W. A. A. Swimming—^Importiqit meeting of all co-eds interested in the swimming club Wednesday, October 28, at 6 p. m. in the Women’s Gym. —TUBBS.
Cosmopolitan Club—Meeting in room 1 and 2 of the Memorial Union October 30, at 7 p. m. All members are expected to be present. —FUTOOHEE. (Continued on page 4)
F-2 Clinches Second Place In ROTC Swim Meet Second place medals in the Military Department swimming meet were won by the team of battery S'-2 at the swim-off Tuesday afternoon. F-2 gained 22 points in the four team meet with Barrett winning the 100 yard back stroke, Ambrosen the 100 yard breast stroke, J. Brown the diving; McConahay won second place in the 220 yard free style and Colby was third in the 100 yard free style. The remaining teams finished in the following order: second, battery C-2 winning 19 points, third, D-1, winning 14 points, and fourth, B-1, securing a total of 11 points. Winners of the other events were Swanson, battery C-2, 40 yard free style, Ancker, D-1, 100 yard free style, and Smith, G. W., 220 yard free style.
Gophers, Wildcats Remain Undefeated Minnesota and Northwestern are the only teams in the Western Conference that remain unbeaten and untied. Purdue was beaten by Minnesota by the score of 33 to 0, and Ohio State recovered from two setbacks in time to trim Indiana, 7 to 0. Illinois, although it tied Iowa earlier in the season, lost its first game to Northwestern, Saturday. On this coming week-end, the two champions will meet each other in the game which may decide the conference championship, and will surely determine whether Minnesota is to continue its winning streak, which now stands at twen-ty-one straight victories.
300 TICKETS $1.00 1,000 for $2 Other Printing Priced Low KANE’S PRINT SHOP 401 S. 29th Phone 5205
FRESHMAN TENNIS TODAY—4«16 Cooper VB. M. Jobiuon. Mullett VB. Alexander. Nicklas vs. Hebbler. Wooiison VB.* Fnente. Monro vs. Cbapllne. GOLD & BLACK Practice Games—South End I. M. Field TODAY Acacia vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Phi Kappa Tian. Alpha Kappa Lambda vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. Beta Theta Pi vs. Pirathon. Delta Upsilon vs. Kappa Sigma. Lambda Cbi Alpha vs. Tan Epsilon Phi. ’Theta Chi vs. Tan Kappa Elpsikni.
FRATERNITY TOUCHBALL TODAY Field ' 1— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Sigma Nu. Ofticial, 2— Delta Chi vs. Triangle. Official, Ganlke. 3— Sigma Alpha Mu vs. ’Theta Xi. Official, Hamilton. 4— ^Alpha Tan Omega vs. Delta Tau Delta. Official, Latter. 6—Delta Sigma Lambda vs. Theta 'Tan. Official, Kerber. 6—Phi Pi Phi vs. Phi Kappa. Official, Boyer.
“DEAC” HAS EVERYTHING for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. 6. REISNER
The Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT 6. RISK DR. LUTHER A, RISK 400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY Private Lessons By Appointment Waltz, Fox Trot and Latest Ballroom Dances
Phone 2160 ALLEN’S
6th & Feny
IF E HALF MAKES
Just add ’em Up, Mister, and yoiiHiaye what it takes. Cool as a ‘Hicket” for overtime parking. Sweet as the proof it was all a mistake. Fragrant, foll-ho&ed tobacco that won’t bite the tongue—in a tin that won’t bite the fingers. Made by our exdusiye modern process including patent Jio. 1,770,^20. Smells good. Makes your pipe welcome anywhere. Tastes good. Your password to pleasure!
Not a bit of bito In tho tobacco or tho Toloacopo Tin, wbloh goto smollor and smallor at you uso-up tho tobacco. No bitten flngere as you roach for a load, ovon tho lost ono. Copyright 1986, Th. TUmwm Co.
H A L F ‘SHA. H A L F
Sa^ Pifie
POR PIPS OR CIOARRTTR
Expert t Auto Repairins
You woiildn't go to any old doctor if you were sidk. then why take your car to any old mechanic when something goes wrong. Ih this goroge we hove the latest sdentific equipment and tools for doing cmy repair {ob in a factory way, and cdl the work is dqne by mechanics who know ih^ business. No matter h<^ U^or big the^biFdri^mdnd weH tell yonK^ much it will cosL—and whmi the wodc is done well give you a guarantee of absolute satisfaction.
We^ever Qose
Peter Anderson Company 52S AMohm 4on
s.'
IW.
A' ii- -J ij* ’ '
1
1
1
Ptige Foot
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, Octobei* 28> 193g
Recent Appointment (Continued from page 1)
As you all know, Landon was elected Governor on the Republican ticket while Roosevelt took the state’s electoral votes. Mr. Woodring was left out in the cold. According to the source of this story, all this maneuvering was done by state and national party managers, without the knowledge of the principals involved, namely liandon, Roosevelt, Woodring and Hoover. The appointment of Woodring as undersecretary of the War Department later, is described by our source as an act of remorse' and atonement on the part of Democratic leaders for having had to sacrifice him for the largei purpose of electing a President. Faux Pas Now, with Landon a Piesidential candidate, largely on the reputation he made because he balanced the budget of Kansas, this is one of those yarns that one wishes were true, largely because of the irony of the whole business. If it is true it must make Mr. Farley pretty mad at his boys every time he thinks about it.
•Wlia t the eoIIar>attached sldrt did for men*8 opmfort and oon« venience, PACER does with socks and garters. lt*8 a regular length sock, with perfect'fitting, washable garter already attached. Quick . . . CLEAN ... thor> oughly testedandproved. Shown in patterns and clocks inspired hy Esquire and solid ocdws* Quality certified by Better Fid»« rics Testing Bureau. Try PACER» and you*ll never i go back to sep.^ h—C anite garters. Wjr wJw D'ewenter 416 Main St.
WAA Enrolls 230 Members Attempt To Reach 250 Before Drive Closes W. A. A. membership has now reached 230, and an attempt is being made by ward managers and sorority representatives to reach all co-eds in an effort to approach the quota of 260 before the membership drive ends this afternoon. Sorority representatives are: Alpha Chi Omega, Autumn Thatcher; Alpha Xi Delta, Minadel Venemann; Chi Omega, Martha Walker; Kappa Alpha Theta, Barbara Dobson; Kappa Kappa Gamma, Margaret Ritchie; Pi Beta Phi, Ruth Wiley. Ward managers are: Ward I, Florence Bielke; Ward II, Louise Harry; Ward III, Dorothy Newman; Ward IV, Jane Hall.
SOCIAL BRIEFS
Johnny Ammerman and his orchestra will play for the Theta pledge dance which will be given at the house Saturday evening.
The A. T. O.’s are having a Hallowe’en dance at their house Friday evening. Joe McCartney’s orchestra from DePauw will play for the event.
A pledge dance will be given by the Phi Kappa’s at their house Saturday evening, featuring Bud Bryant and his orchestra.
The annual Triad ^ance, which includes Sigma Chi, Beta, and Phi Delt fraternities, will be held at the Union, Friday evening. Paul Barker and his orchestra will play.
Frosh Honorary Gives Initiation Breakfast Alpha Lambda Delta, freshman co-ed honorary, held initiation for Alice Brietweiser, Caroline Hesler, Mary Alice Learning, Katherine Pult:^ and Elizabeth Russel with a breakfast in the peasant room of the Memorial Union Building, Sunday. Miss Coolidge and 20 actives were present for this initiation. Corsages were given to the five initiates.
Maskf Costumes Noise Makers Confetti Serpentine for Hallowe'en
The Kleinhans Store No. 109 North 4th St. Lafayelle, Indiana
Building Of Second Residence Hall Good News For University Co-Eds
By Mary Cooley
News of a second Women’s Residence Hall is good news to many co-eds and perhaps even to many would-be co-eds of the University. With this year’s jump in enrollment, girls have encountered a little more diffifculty than usual in securing rooms. According to the present figures from the office of Miss Clare Coolidge, assistant to the Dean of Women, there are 850 undergraduate women, 32 graduate women, and 63 special women students enrolled this semester.' University managed residences accomodate 144 girls; there are 122 living in the Women’s Residence Hall, 17 who room in the Annex to the Women’s Residence Hall, and 15 making their homes in University House. The Women’s Residence Hall is exclusive to freshmen; however, Miss Price the registered resident nurse, is a junior Science student. The Annex, at 103 Russell street, is also partial to first year women, but claims as its hostess, Miss MoWer, a graduate in Liberal Arts from York College, York, Nebraska. She is registered as a sophomore in the school of home economics. University
House, the former Phi Mu chapter house at 421 University street, provides residence for upper-class women, supposedly, although there is one freshman in with the 13 sophomores and one junior. Sororities Filled Sorority house accomodations are completely filled. The 139 girls living in the six sororities include six freshmen (transfer students), 65 sophomores, 34 juniors, and 34 sen-
iors.
Private houses claim the largest number of co-ed residents with a total of 324. These instances vary from a single girl in a home, to organized groups such as “Theophilus Thirteen” and “The Barracks.” A goodly number of women students, 219 to be exact, live at home while going to school. The freshmen lead in numbers with 79; sophomores, 52; juniors, 37; and seniors, 49. Incidentally this total includes eight married women, one freshman, two sophomores, two juniors, and three senior women. The 23 co-eds who make their homes with relatives either in this city or across the river complete the residence division groups of women students in the University.
WAA To Have Masquerade Hallowe’en Party Will Hall Of Horrors Feature Of Party W. A. A. members will be entertained at a Hallowe’en party tonight at 7:15 p. m. in the Women’s Gymnasium. The party will be a masquerade with prizes given for the most original, prettiest, and funniest costumes. The program will consist of folk dances and games. Special features will be a Hall of Horrors and fortune telling by Beth McCool. The Gym will be decorated with cornstalks and pumpkins. Regina Kelly is in charge of the assisting with decorations. Dora Mae Patterson is planning the refreshments.
Blue Team Wins In WAA ^ockey In the W. A. A. inter-class hockey tournament yesterday afternoon the froshmen Blue team defeated the sophomore White team 1 to 0 when Brattick scored a goal in the first half. Monday afternoon, the senior hockey squad was victorious over the juniors, 5 to 0. During the first half, Arnold and Thatcher scored, while in the second half Arnold, Thompson, and Charles made goals. Every team, announced Louanna Thompson, head of hockey, should have a squad of nine for each scheduled game, or else forfeit the game.
S
V.
traw T otes and Clean Clothes
If you were to take a straw vote at Purdue you would find more students prefer Crown Cleaned Clothes... Crown Cleaned Clothes are moth-proofed at no extrd cost. H Laundry flliE ei.EANERS DE FINE CLOTHES
University Women Fourth In State Archery Meet University co-ed archers placed fourth in the recent telegraphic Indiana State Archery Tournament with a score of 735. Indiana University won first place with a team score of 1343. The highest indivijdual score was 390. Butler placed second and Indiana State Teachers’ College, third. The individual scores for the University were: Irene Boehm, 238; ,Esther Holtman, 234; Mary L. Hickman, 189; and Mary Hutson, 92. An individual archery tournament for University co-eds will start November 4. Three practices are required for entrance in the tournament.
Alpha Xi Delta Initiates ,Three Sophomore Girls Alpha Xi Delta sorority announces the initiation of Maxine Brossart, Bronxville, New York; Marguerite Call, Southport, Indiana, and Colleen Cook, North Manchester, Indiana. The initiation was held at sunrise Sunday, October 25. *
Pi Beta Phi Tea Pi Beta Phi sorOrity entertained at a formal tea Sunday afternoon at the chapter house, 121 Littleton street, in honor of Mrs. Cora Case, the sorority’s new house mother. Mrs. Charles Benedict Stuart, entertained members of the. active chapter, a^lumnae, and pledges at tea m her home Saturday afternoon.
Interfraternity Golf Tournament Nears Completion With only two matches remaining in the finals of the Interfraternit golf tournament. Phi Delta Theta holds a large lead over Phi Kappa Psi, the score being three matches to none.
NOTICES (Continued from page 3)
Tryonts—For Union Thanksgiving Show October 29 at 4 :00 in Utiion Ballroom. PERKINS, STALLINGS.
Orchesis—No meeting tonight. Come to W A. A party instead. —PENDERGRASS.
Sophomore Co-ed Debate Managers—Meeting in the debate office Wednesday at 4 p. m. —SMALL.
Social Service Committee of Y. W. C. A. —Meeting in Y. W. C. A. office Wednesday October 28 at 4 p. m. —CONVER.
Gimlet Club—Important meting tonight in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 o’clock. -^HOGDON.
Student Senate—Important meeting tonight in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 o-’clock. —MARTIN.
Reamer Club—Important meeting tonight in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 o’clock. —BUXTON. Mortar Board—^Important meeting /' tonight in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 o’clock, —ADKINS.
Skull and Crescent—Important ibeeting tonight in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 o’clock. —FBNSTERMAKER. Woipen’s Pan-Hellenic Council—^Important meeting in Eli^a Fowler Hall tonight at 8 o’clock. —SOHAAP.
Wonfen’s Residence Hall — Important meeting tonight in Eliza Fowler 1^1 at 8 o’clock. —SCHICKLER.
Activities Ctouncil—Important meeting tonight in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 o’clock. —HUNT. Purdue Independent Association — Important meeting tonight in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 o’clock. —HE«SCH. Bast Cary Club—Important meeting tonight in Eliza Fowler Hall at 8 o’clock. —McEACHRON.
Co-Eds
This is the time of year when your hair . , requires all the attention that it can ^ have. Why not let us give you our ▼ Special Scalp Treatment for reconditioning hair? We can make it lustrous and shining in only a few treatments. Our October Specialty on all machine permanents will be on for the remainder of the month. Take advantage of it! We also have a special operator to give Zotos Waves. Remember our Co-ed Days every Thursday and Friday. Call 7727 for an appointment now! «62M.in KIENLY BEAUTY STUDIO sezmah.
PACKARD VYItfi Hie fiiRootli-Cattinl ROIINO Head UKTRO-SHAVBH
LEKimiTE
The LEETRO-SHAVER is os Ug an Improvement over safetY idzois as they were over the skindashing straight razors oi grandfalher'sday. Whiskers disappear without apparent reason leaving your face <rh>wln^ sUmukiled and dean. And the LEKTROUGHTCR (Homeless) ranks with the LEKTRO-SHAVER os an improvement. Touch your otgeg^e to the lighter and puif.That'sall—and the llghW that costs $5.rie/iZb only 4 times a year. Lei us demonstrate both, today!
Loeb & Hene Co.
SPLENDOUR
for the Military Ball and Purdue^s other coming social events
For your night life we’ve collected the most important formals we could find ... the dramatic type costumes that will make you a vision to be remembered. And they’re moderately priced from—
10 to *25
^alatfi I^opal