Purdue
Z^ISS
Volume 5L No. 9
Exponent
Wednesday# September 20# 1^13
Freshman Ca-eds To Hear WAA Program Explained
Bonner Announces Personnel Of Military Band Details For *39-40
Meeting Scheduled
CO'Sds From Sovon /n Memorial Gym
Colleges To Meet
Here On Saturday Representatives from seven colleges and universities in Indiana -will be guests of Purdue’s YWCA chapter at their Area Conference Saturday and Sunday, September 23 ^nd 24. The purpose of this meeting is to provide an opportunity for YWCA officials in Indiana to get acquainted and to discuss YWCA business. Cabinet members have been invited from Butler University, Indiana University, North Manchester, Ball State Teachers, Indiana Central Teachers, and Hanover Colleges. The YWCA cabinet under the guidance of Miss Clare Coolidge, their advisor, is rapidly completing arrangements for this conference. All co-eds students interested in the movement are invited by the cabinet members to attend the conference. YWCA officials announce the following tentative program: Saturday, September 23—12:00, luncheon; afternoon, meeting of all representatives followed by small discussion groups; 6:30, banquet in Union. Sunday, September 24—^Breakfast followed by vesper services in the faculty lounge of the Union at 9:30. AIEE Delegation Plans Attendance At District Meeting Sept. 27-29 Plans are now underway to select a delegation to attend the Great Lakes district meeting and student branch convention of the AIEE to be held September 27-29 in Minneapolis. The Purdue delegation will be of a limited' number selected on the basis of what the applicant has done in the way of electrical work, and the date on which his application was presented. Applications may be presented to either J. E. Nitsche, president of the local chapter of AIEE, or Professor Bowman of the EE school. The 600-mile trip is scheduled to begin Wednesday, September 27, and will last through the following Saturday. Features of the convention include an inspection trip through the electrical labs of the University of Minnesota, inspection of local factories, a formal dinner dance, addresses by electrical authorities, and the Minnesota-Ari-zona football game. Lodging and transportation will be handled by the AIEE. Work that is missed due to absences incurred during the trip can be made up with the aid of th§ EE school. Headquarters for the convention will be one of the main Minneapolis hotels. All those interested in attending are urged to get their applications in at once, as only a limited number of delegates can be accommodated. Duke, Phi Gam Dog, Beals Average Students As He Passes In Seven Years Oh where, oh where, has Duke gone, has replaced the Figi Honeymoon as that fraternity’s theme song. Monday poor Duke joined the host of canine angels after a lingering four-day sickness. Duke, who came to Purdue six and a half years ago as a small pup from the Wabash chapter of the Phi Gamma Delta, was a well-known campus figure. 'Being half Great Dane and half St. Bernard, Duke was a good watchdog by nature. The blame for the death of the dog was placed on a weak heart.
/
Today at 4 p. m. in the Memorial Gym, M^AA will introduce its fall sports calendar as well as explain their entire program to freshmen co-eds. Counselors will also have a chance to introduce their advisees to various members of the WAA Council. Heads of each sport will be introduced and, following their introduction, will discuss briefly just what possibilities are offered by their sports, so that each girl will know what she can expect when she becomes a WAA members. Faculty members in charge of the various sports will also be introduced to freshmen. Miss Helen Knight, modern dance instructor of the physical education department, will lecture, briefly, on the Hopi Indians which she visited this summer. In addition to her lecture she will display at the tea her collection of Indian handicraft, compiled from her tour of New
Mexico.
Miss Ray Frazier, staff member of the physical education department, announced yesterday that sports offered to co-eds for extracurricular activities this fall will include modern dance, archery, tennis, swimming, and field hockey. Hvery sport of the above mentioned except field hockey is an individualized sport. Field hockey requires team play, giving freshmen and upperclass^ co-eds a chance to prove their ability to cooperate. The field hockey teams are chosen from intramural teams and also gym classes. Play includes membership of the class teams, intramural teams, and finally, the all-star team picked from the various class teams. Dues of $1 for the year may be paid at the meeting, as well as signing for membership in WAA. Freshman girls are urged to attend this ifteeting as this will be their first real chance to enter into any sports ’ program offered by the University. - Officers in WAA for this year are: President, Georgia Walker; vicepresident, Eileen Westover; secretary, Louise Thomas; treasurer, Jane Fishley, and social secretary, Bette Smith. Sllderule Instruction To Start Tomorrow Beginning classes in slide rule in.struction are scheduled to start tomorrow at 4 o’clock in room 101 of the Michael Golden Shops. " The instruction, in charge of J. N. Arnold of the drawing department and F. D. Martin, head of freshman chemistry, is open to all students desiring to learn, the use of the slide rule. The only equipment required for the course is a slide rqle. Instruction is of th0 non-credit type, given to teach those interested the use of the slide rule. No fee will be
charged.
A complete schedule of classes is as follows: September 21 and 27, simple multiplication and division. September 28 and October 4, combined multiplication and division. October 5 and 11, squares, cubes, square roots and cube roots. October 12 and 18, short cuts, use of folded scales and inverted scales. October 19 and 26, trigonemetric scales and logarithms. October 26 and November 1, raising numbers to fractional powers. Kappa Alpha Theta ... sorority entertained the Phi Mu - sorority at a dessert party last evening at the Theta house.
Personnel of military band details for the 1939-40 season was announced Monday night by R. W, Bonner, second lieutenant and band detail officer. Each detail has specific responsibilities over a certain phase of band duties, such as moving band property at games, acting as technicians in formations demanding special equipment, or handling band publicity. Long a training ground for future officers and a vitally important part of the organization of a smoothfunctioning military band, the efficient operation of these details has earned for the band, among railroad executives and football officials, a reputation equalled only by the well-known swiftness and accuracy always displayed by the band in executing brilliant formations on the gridiron. Detail work will assume even greater importance this year as the elaborate band quarters in the new Music Hall near completion. Technical Sgt., F. A. Hogue; First Sgt. in charge of all details, P. E. Hassler. Equipment Detail: H. P. Wentling, Sgt. in charge; T. L. McMurtrey, C. E. Knote, H. L. Kilgore, B. D. Rigg, C. A. Stoeckel'fF. JB. Neyhart, N. L. Downing, J. H. Sandleben, R. H. Hass, D. R. Mitchell, P. R. Owens, D. L. Strole, P. E. Busby,
R. L. Cole, . K. Rising, T. G. Heck, W. A. Stover, J. L. Hole, R. E. Johnson, R, M. Park, L. S. Wheeler, R. L. Martin, R. W. Lanman, E. S. Elliott, J. T. Shively, H. A. Gardner, W. E. Davis, J. E. Pell, D. F. Stoner, T. O. Richardson and W. F. Orr. Chair and Rack Detail: G. W. Ely, Sgt. in charge; K. A. Moore, R. E. Booher, R. E. Evans, W. C. Lindstrom, E. C. Rogers, S. N. Davis, H. O. Loper, V. Lr. Lawhead, W. J. Frantz, R. W. Clingenpeel, R. H. Harden, P. M. Patterson, R. H. Kellar, L. E. Clements, B. E. Gallagher, R. F. Hindered, R. E. Lee, J. G. Murphy, E. R. Brooks, G. H. Whetzell, J. B. Billingsley, E. C. Marks, J. G. Woliung, W. R. Sell,, and F. C. Shafer. Publicity Detail: E. J. Mundorf, Sgt., and D. R. Groves. Music Detail: A. L. Clifford, Sgt. in charge; R. K. Gast, A. C. Flackbert, D. V. Moffet, P. "C. Johnson, W. G. Clark, and D. A. Diesslin. Supply Detail: W. V. Fitzsimmons, Sgt. in charge; H. A. Weber, and R. B. Farrar. Big Drum Detail: C. R. Watson, Sgt. in charge; H. E. Mann, R. J. Coers, L. E. Albright, and H. C. Littell. Quarters Detail: R; W. Bond, Sgt. in charge; R. H. Allen, W. E. Brown, R. V. Brass, J. 0. Martin, and J. B. Whyman.
Ragains Announces New Appointments, First Meeting Of University Orchestra
Joseph M. Ragains, director of the University orchestra, yesterday announced the new members of the University orchestra. The first meeting of the entire orchestra, including the new members, will be held Thursday, Septem*^ ber 21, in bowler Hall. Appointments are as follows: Bob Beilis, Norman Benedict, Robert W. Bond, Willie Boris, Edna Louise Burkholz, Helen Carey, Robert Cartmell, Edward T. Eggebrecht, John W. Elliot, Dick Gast. Janet Gregor, Dorothy Houskeep^ er, Emory E. Jett, Mary Johnston,
Gene Kinelski, Harold W. Koch, Anna M. Lantz, Marcile Long, Donald A. McCaslin, Mary McCaughey. Marthaeunice McHaffie, Edward Meece, M. E. Overbeck, Eleanor Peterson, Bob Phillips, Helen Porter, Robert Rennak, A. W. Rifenburgh, Eva Robertson. John Robertson, David Schaffner, Ruth Schlitter, Phyllis Scholl, Carl Smith, Irving Smulevitz, Bonnie M. Swope, Josephine Thomas. Conrad C. Wan, Ruth Wattleworth, Dorothy Weber, Vernon Westburg, W. R. Woodwarii, R. V. Yawkey, Marjorie Yeager.
President Elliott, Vincent Hruby, Speak To 550 Members Of Cary Club In Fowler Hall
Dr. Edward C. Elliott, president of the University, spoke Monday night before 550 members of Cary Club gathered in Fowler Hall. Dr. Elliott’s speech climaxed the first mass meeting of the year, being preceded by short addresses by Vincent Hruby, club president, and numerous vice-presidents. The officers explained to the freshmen what is expected of Purdue students scho-
lastically and socially.
The main address of the evening was devoted to the history of the club, what .is expected of its members, and how it developed. Dr. Elliott told of the Spitzef land grant that provided the ground for the
buildings, how money was left by Franklin Cary to build the first hall in honor of the son he lost on the eve of his enrollment at Purdue, and dwelt at some length on honor. A high point of the speech was Dr. Elliott’s statements defining honor. According to Dr. Elliott, honor is “that tWng which is left when no one is looking.” He also thanked the men for doubling up and cooperating while the last hall
is being completed.
This is the first time Dr. Elliott has spoken to the whole club. Previously he has "spoken to various halls, but never to a mass meeting.
Late War JVews
Stewart Announces Glee Club Members Season Planned f„d.menroGe. Is Busiest Ever Their Chance This
WARSAW FIGHTS ON BUDAPEST—"Warsaw is in ruins but fights on. A statement received from the Polish capital’s radio said, “Warsaw presents a very pitiful sight. Buildings, monuments, museums and art galleries are in ruins. We will fight to the last drop and never surrender.”
I
GERMAN WESTERN ATTACK TURNED BACK PARIS—A German attack was reported to have struck in the heart of the northern flank on the western front and to have been turned back by French forces. With victory in Poland virtually complete, the German armies took the initiative against the French in the west, seeking to regain territory already lost. I MAP STRATEGY FOR ARMS EMBARGO REPEAL WASHINGTON'—Seeking to bury partisanship when the neutrality problem comes up. President Roosevtl laid plans for what promises to be a hot legislative battle. Faced with formidable opposition the President seeks to lay down party feelings in order to repeal the present arms embargo.
Albert P. Stewart, Director of Music, announces the members of the Purdue Men’s Glee Club for the new year. John Cochrun is the manager of the Club and Richard P. Thornton is the accompanist. Purdue Men’s Glee Club has been recognized as one of the finest choral organizations in the Middle West. The coming season promises to be a busy one since many trips all over the state and several to Chicago already have been booked. The following are the names of the new members of the Men’s Glee Club:
Tenors
J. Henry Amt, Orlen Baker, Elmer Carlquist, Robert Caskey, Joe Davis, John Knipe, Kenn Landon, Emilio Ratti, Jack Silvers, George Smith, Marvin Smith, Ellis Verink, Ralph Wunderlick. Baritones and Basses J. A. Anthony, Benton Bums, Angelo Castellam, Jim Chase, John Cochrun, John DeYoung, William Dunshee, Frank Franz, Curtis Green, Robert Hartley, Walter Hyler, A. B. Keller, James Moore, Donald, Pyke, John Ritchey, Joe Shep- ^ herd, Don Sinish, Charles Sopcak,' Robert Stanley. Union Sweet Shop Dancing Presented For Student Approval Testing the possibility of matinee and early evening dancing in the Sweet Shop, Union officials yesterday presented a clear floor in a portion of the Sweet Shop addition to a surprised crowd of afternoon
“Joes”.
Tables were taken out and the nickelodian moved to a spot behind the soda fountain on the dance floor. The arrangement, however, is merely tentative, depending for its final installation as a part of the Sweet Shop upon student approval. Present plans would call for a dancing period each afternoon until 6:30, and during the evening from 8 to 10:30 o’clock. The trial has thp approval both of the Deans and Union officials, and it remains only for the students to add their stamp by using it and not abusing-it. Debris ... staff is issuing a call for sophomore workers tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock. Those interested should report to the room across the hall from room A in the Union. Sophomore work this year will consist only of selling the Debris. All sales work may be done in the worker’s leisure time. There will be no definite working hours. The staff will not set an individual quota for each person but everyone will sell as many books as his time and ability will allow. Gary Mayor Requests Aid From Knapp And Johnson Prof. W. A. Knapp, assistant dean of engineering, and A. P. Johnson, of the personnel staff, will travel to Gary Monday to assist Eiximett Cox of the state fire marshal’s office. They will conduct an examination for 75 applicants for positions in the Gary fire department. Their assistance in handling the examination is at the request of the Gary mayor, whose administration is cooperating with the Engineering Extension Department and the fire marshal’s office.
Friday At Mixer Freshmen will be in their heyday Friday night at the Freshman Mixer. All freshmen will be admitted free of charge and enabled to dance with all the beautiful co-eds who will also be able to get in without paying a fee. This includes ^ coeds—not just freshmen. 'The scene of the dance will be the Union ballroom from 9 to 12. Each year Skull and Crescent, activities honorary for sophomore men, sponsors the dance as a service for the freshmen. At times in the past and this year in particular it runs into considerable expense for the members of the club. For this dance, each member was assessed two dollars. Because of their natural desire for the dance to be a success and because of the person expense involved the members, according to Gordon Bellas, president of the organization, are anxious to see a good turnout of both freshmen and especially co-eds. Cutting in wiU be allowed only between numbers which will be short and well interspersed with slower pieces. Harry McCrady will furnish the music for the dance and Martha Lommel will do the vocals. ASME Holds First \ Meeting Tomorrow American Society of Mechanical Engineers will hold their first meeting, of .the year tomorrow evening at 7:30 in the Union ballroom. All mechanical engineers are invited to attend the meeting which is being held in honor of James W. Parker, national vice-president of the ASME. A banquet will precede the general meeting beginning at 6 p. m. in the Chestnut room. Dean Potter will introduce Parker at the general meeting in the ballroom. "RegisterYour, Car!" Bushnell “Automobiles and other motor vehicles must be registered with the ' University immediately,” C. D. Bushnell, superintendent of the physical plant, said last night. The University ruling on registering cars states that all student-owned or operated automobiles be registered within three days of the time they are brought down to schooL Only about one-half of the stu-dent-owned cars are registered, according to an unofficial estimate. “The registration ruling wiR be strictly enforced by the University,” Bushnell said. “As the official time limit for registration is past G5 fines will be assessed starting very soon provided all motor vehicles are not registered immediately,” BnsheU also stated. George Ade ... Purdue alumnus, was presented a woolen senior athletic jacket last night at the annual ^Qelebrity Dinner held at the Hazelden Country Club which he operates near his home. About 100 persons attended the banquet after which motiph pictures of last year’s Indiana and Wisconsin games were shown and also a preview of this year's varsity squad. Among those present were Nobe Kizer, athletic directir, who presented the jacket; Head Coach Mai Elward, Coaches Taube, Pehring, Mackey, Voinoff; Alumni Association Secretary Eth Baugh, and University Publicity Director T, R. Johnson.J k vk .1! '
• t*w^a;Uit*h».v^ ^VWV^^'rt'- '•tyiWffUawsJBiflSltAA
■/1, tf
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday* September 20* 1939
i
Jjumlif. JoUl ' The Lesson In Tradition: After Twenty-Six Years... ... the Boilermaker Victory Bell and bell house have changed their home address from a point south of the Music Hall to a new location between Cary Hall North and Ross-Ade Stadium. Location has been changed, but tradition has not... for this year the bell will again toll out the news of Gold and Black victories, just as it has been doing since 1907. On March 17, 1916, the Exponent published a “Bell Tag Day Number.” On that day, three thousand green tags went out in the hands of student collectors, each marked “I Am Helping House The Purdue Bell.” The Student Council, forerunner of the present Student Senate, backed the Bell Day scheme, and hoped to get $750 for construction of the bell house. Each student was requested to donate fifteen cents for a tag, and contributions were solicited from faculty members, alumni, and friends of the University. In the Bell Day Exponent appeared the following comment from Prof. G. W. Munro, still a member of the mechanical engnieering staff: THE OLD BELL—Of course you remember it, for it is the one thing which has entered into the life of every Purdue man. It called to the first classes. It has called to the last. For thirty years it symbolized duty, for ten its tones have breathed of victory. Every clang from its brazen throat takes us back through the whole of Purdue history— tells of John Purdue with his gold-headed cane, of duckings in the dorm, of the appearance of Schenectady No. 1, of the fire and the reconstruction, of pinching poverty, of grinding work, of glorious victory. Today it stands without a roof. What more fitting than that all Purdue men, all who have responded to its call, should unite to provide it a home. Come on then, Purdue Men! We need brick, and mortar, and tile, and work. Come on then, each with his mite, make it a common task, a labor of love, a tribute to our Alma Mater of which none may feel ashamed. When Bell Tag Day was all over, and the
Purdue Exponent *
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for |8.00 per year, mail subscription $8.50. Editorial Board R. E. Insley Editor-in-Chief W. E. Smith. - ...JBuslness Manager D. G. Terrio Editorial Director G. W. Frederick. Managing Editor E. M. AntoninL Senior Advertising Manager G. Schilling Co-ed Editor R. Jenkins Sports Editor Junior Staff Sports Editorial Business J. P. Dolan R. P. DeHoog R. Fisher S. D. Marquis R. W. Donahue R. Hall M. M. Richards D. K. Heiple A. Hite Co-ed J. H. McKee M. Hagemeyer M. Burtsfleld M. L. Miers T. Petty G. Carroll J. C. Willsey G. Cox, Sec. B. Simpson D. J. Henninger, Art Ditector
Editorial 4005
PHONES Sports 2792
Business 5038
REPRBSENTBD FOR NATIONSU ADVERTISING BY National Advertising Servii^ Inc. College Publishers Representative 420 Madison Ave. New# York. N.Y. CHICA80 ■ Boston • Los Anseles • San Francisco This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it. unless otherwise accredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the - Editorial Director.
Wednesday, September 20, 1939 Night Editor—^DeHoog Issue Editor—Mueller
Student Council counted up the day’s proceeds, they found they had netted $335 over their $40 expenses. More funds were obtained by sending letters to alumni. The Military Band played a concert in Fowler Hall at 11 a. m. on May 11, and admission contributions of ten cents per person went to swell the bell house fund. Finally the necessary money was raised, and the bell house was dedicated as a gift of the class of 1916 on the evening of May 19, proceeding the freshman pot-burning. Money for the bell house had been raised and the building constructed and dedicated in the short space of two months. The bell house now is more or less under the eyes of Cary Hall, and we hope the Cary Hallers will pledge it their best protection.
As you sit over your cup of lye water and dry toast (you are used to the food again) and ponder the day’s news in B & B, just remember that we can’t be replaced—^not even by a washing machine. By this time yon should have observed the beautiful new box that the B & B has at the Union desk to accept the loving bits of dirt about your friends (we hope you have one). B&B MODERN AGE . .. The demure young bride, a trifle pale, her lips set in tremulous smile, slowly stepped dovm the long church aisle, clinging to the arm of her father. As she reached the low platform before the altar, her slippered foot brushed a potted flower, upsetting it. She looked at the spilled dirt gravely, and then raised her innocent, childlike eyes to the sedate face of the old minister: “That’s a heck of a place to put a lily,’’ she said. * B&B Campus “Big Shot’’ Jerry Hinshaw, PIA president, makes a habit of entertaining beautiful co-eds in the grilL It is rumored that he is buying a president’s pin studded with pearls and rubies. B&B Martha Baker, ’39, his last year’s torch bearer, rushed back to the campus Saturday—to see Jerry, of course. B&B It is with the memories of three years ago that we think of our beloved Frosh. The time draws near to the end of “country club’’ week and a pledge’s only humor is slapstick. B&B We Wonder Just what the purpose of the meeting in Fowler Hall was. Maybe the idea is to teach the freshman girls the fine art of self-defense —^methinks they will need it when the sororities start discussing their respective characters. B&B Two Mars Passes still await the best contrib to this column — you write them, your friends read them, and we take the blame.
SiujdmL (SctiniHoA. By Mary Burtsfleld While some of the college kiddies are wearing themselves out “joeing” every day between the hours of 4 and 6, a number of young hopefuls spend these same minutes slaving away on things called activities. We got in a huddle and decided that some of these peoples should be heard about, so here is our first activities endeavor, Hope you like it. —ac— You’re aware, we’re sure, that Friday night is the night—^the only stag dance of the year. It’s given primarily for the freshmen, to introduce them formally on the campus. Dick Diebos, who’s completing arrangements for the dance, says that a new system will be introduced about cuts. According to the Skull and Crescents, it’s now only legal to cut between dances, not during them. This, they say, eliminates much confusion and general rushing for the line to the right.
While talking to a few of the college yell leaders, we discover that you’ll be seeing the same costumes (gold pants and yellow sweaters) on your yell leaders this fall. But, at intervals, unannounced variations in dress will appear. On the yell field you’ll see such sophomore personalities as Louie Campbell, Johnnie Goll, the “little shrimp” who yelled for Shoi‘tridge not so long ago, and Dick DeGarmo, famous because of
his back handsprings and acrobatic entertainment tendencies. —ac— If you’d like something new and different to do—^wander into the Activities Bureau office and help Betty Jane Darr, activities junior, interview freshmen. Sophomores and juniors are required for the job which promises plenty of “variety is the spice of life.” Behind cover, one retired interviewer told us that she met her present “man” when she interviewed him last fall. *■ —ac— You’ve been reading about the recent music organization’s tryouts. Now that the orchestra has been narrowed down to 46 members, full steam and plenty of work are ahead. Joe Reigans, who’s new on the campus this year, is its director, and has plans for a future symphony. Additional tryouts for the orchestra will be run again today, Thursday and Friday in Fowler Hall, This is to accommodate any outstanding musicians who didn’t know about the first tryouts, or anyone who arrived on the campus too late to attend the first series. Freshman co-eds who’d like a few chances to relax or who would like to seriously keep in trim, stop in at the WAA tea today in the Women’s Gym. Here various council members will explain to you their organization. It’s another chance to getacquainted with activities and also your day-by-day classmates. i Subscribe to THE EXPONENT
GENUINE
K & E SLIDE
RULES
Polyphase, Log Log Duplex, Trig, DeciTrig, Vector - - in Sewed Leather Cases.
Your Name, FREE put on
in solid gold
heat stamping. LJ A A
\r>'c
HAYWOC 5th and Ferry
;DS Lafayette
dUm. and. By Georgann Schilling
Now that afternoon dancing has started in the Sweet Shop, we have definitely become a country-club college. Gone are the grinds, the book worms, the ' bumeri-of-mid-night-oil. Instead, we have been invated by the joe boys, the rug cutters, the hepcats. The craze has hit the engineers, the home ec girls, the physical ed lads. Probably even the Ag and Forestry boys will be at it soon . . . the wood enters . . . chop, chop, chop. —H&H— Several of the fraternities have been getting an early start on this year’s serenades. The Sigma Chi’s and the Phi Psi’s have been honoring their recent pin merges by breaking into song. This year’s crop of freshmen seem to like the sound of voices ringing out in the night just as much as freshmen have been enjoying this event for many Septembers now gone by. —H & H— Since the temperature has dropped, there should be a decided drop in the amount of chocolate sodas and stuff consumed around here. After all classes have started now; it’s on the ball time. The prospective rushees will start on the road to a pledge pin today when they go to the Pan Hellenic meeting this afternoon, Rush is the shining light of this month’s social activities. Of course the entire subject is still being discussed in whispers, but the topic is in the air. —H & H— We wish peoples in general would stop joeing and do something so we would have copy for this column. Right now all we can do is dream of the days to come . .. Golddiggers is the first gala event on the social calendar. This will be followed in short order by the year’s opening formal, the Military Ball. Of course the numerous fratrenity pledge dances are not to be overlooked on the social scene. Yes, we can see the sun shining on those not so far away green hills. • —H & H— Quite the most popular tunes heard in these parts nowadays are those love lyreis written by Eddie Howard, the singer with Dick Jurgen’s band. Eddie is the writer of “My Last Goodbye” and “If I Knew Then What I Know Now,” two tunes that are tops right now. Johnny (Scat) Davis is still packin’ them in at Chicago’s Blackhawk, and this young maestro has also written a super tune called “How Can You Pretend?” Music to your ears. Ag Sfaffs Will Hear Shreve At Regular Meeting Monday Dr. R. N. Shreve, University chemist, will address the members of the University agricultural staffs on “Gems as a Hobby” when they meet Monday noon, September 26, in the faculty lounge of the Union for their regular monthly luncheon, according to A. P. Stewart, arrangement committee chairman. In addition, there will be solos by Marvin Smith, Glee Club tenor. Other members of the arrangement committee are F. C. Lewis, Roy Weaver, and Miss Ruth Jordan.
AIR CONDITIONED COOL
-today-
ginger ROGERS DAVID NIVEN' — IN — BACHELOR MOTHER
STARTS TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE The Smashing Drama of the Federal Government's Caravan of Crime! PRISON TRAIN — WITH — FRED KEATING LINDA WINTERS — PLUS — I Torchy Gets Her Man — WITH — GLENDA FARRELL BARTON MACLANE
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Liehty
“We’ve two dollars left over this week, dear—^there MUST be some instalment we forgot to pay!”
Camera Club Plans Meeting Tonight In Union Ballroom Attention, you camera fans. At 7:30 tonight in the Union ballroom the first meeting of the Camera Club for the coming year will be held. The program for tonight will include the announcement of the scheduled program of the coming year. For those who are not familiar with the club policies, an explanation of the membership dues, darkroom facilities, and use of the club’s equipment in the Union will be given. A summary of the general program for the year includes the following: Speakers from various photographic concerns, qualified campus speakers, and local professional
LUliA LAST TIMES TODAY DOUGLAS FAIRBANKS JR. BASIL RATHBONE — IN — “THE SUN NEVER SETS" -ALSO-r-SHIRLEY TEMPLE — IN — "Susanna of the Mounties'
THURS. - FRI. - SAT. FREDRIC MARCH CAROLE LOMBARD CARY GRANT JACK OAKiE — IN — The Eagle and the Hawk" —ALSO — CHARLES STARRETT — IN — "WESTERN CARAVAN"
MADS -LAST TIMES TODAY—
PROM THE GRIM LOVE MmA
A COUJMBiA PtCTURB
TOMORROW - FRIDAY
MEN AGAINST THE SEA
Randolph Francos Ralph Walter ICOn-DEE-BELLAMY-CONNOll A COLUMBIA PICTURE )
photographers; general activities of the club; sponsoring of photographic exhibits on the campus, and obtaining qualified speakers on photographic subjects. H you are interested in any form of photography, regardless of whether you are merely a beginner or an advanced photographer, the club invites all — faculty and students alike—^to attend their first meeting. Ownership of a camera is not necessary for membership. Follow Your “EXPONENT OF THE AIR” WBAA Tuesday, Friday—4:15
AIR CONDITIONED
FRED - CINEER ASTAIRE* ROGERS LYRICS ANp MUSIC BY IHWINfi iElllN with RALPH BELLAMY and othen —AND—
FEARLESS ALSO "FLYING G-MEN/’ SERIAL THURS. - FRI. - SAT. LAST WARNING OUTLAWS OF SONORA LONE RANGER RIDES AGAIN
—LAST TIMES TODAY— DomE [wsmmw >N technicolor — WITH — RALPH RICHARDSON
TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT. DOUBLE FEATURE
Lew AYRES - Lana TURNER —ALSO —
ARBEN.BOIALt lllfiig Wm.LIRBIQAI.|mi}|DIH8ARgpp
m
m
i -T/ ^1?^’" ''■" ^- A
>^9
Wednesday. September 20. 1939
^xpomni SpoJdA fiaqs.
IM Departments, Track Squad In Need Of Several Managers Ambitious freshmen, sophomores, and even juniors and seniors who are'looking for a chance to get in an activity connected with the athletic department of the University will find lots of opportunities for jobs as managers open at the present time.
The greatest need expre¥sed by the intramural department is for ward managers, and 10 of the ward districts are still in need of managers. Wards 6, 8, 10, 12, and 13 are already taken care of, but the other IP wards are in need of a man in any class^to take charge. The ward manager should live in the district which he presides over and is required to take care of the equipment used and see that his ward enters a team in every possible event. As a reward the worker receives a gold key for his services. Frosh Needed The intramural department also states that they need several freshmen to help with interfratemity activities. Those chosen from this group to be sophomore managers will receive keys and an intramulral sweater. Also needed by the intramural department is a sophomore to work as
a manager in intramural ward athletics, to fill an existing vacancy. If this worker qualifies for th^e junior job he will be awarded a gold key and have a chance to earn a letter sweater as a junior. Anyone interested in any of these positions should report to the Intramural office in the Pieldhouse as soon as possible. Wanted—^Track Managers Another chance to earn a letter sweater is offered to men working as track managers. Any sophomores interested in working for Coach Phillips should report in room 107 in the Fieldhouse at 4:16 Friday.
Follow Your “EXPONENT OP THE AIR” WBAA Tuesday, Friday—4:15
ALI.E“’_ •CHOOI. OF DANCl LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTL^ BEGINNER’S CLASS OPENS Wednesday, Sept. 20, 7:30 p. m. ADVANCED CLASS OPENS Thursday, Sept. 21, 7:30 p. m. Children’s Classes Open Sat., Sept. 30 ENROLL NOW
PHONE 2150
If
pstldsUtiu ^IfwksL By Robert J. Deckard The Papers Of A Sports Writer Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, September, 1939, four bells— Perplexed by the scarcity of sports news in the vicinity of this magnifiment coliseum, yours truly barreled out to the frosh pigskin practice to take a gander at the 100-odd rheinies going through some mild calisthenics . . . upon arriving at the spot, found Dick Wargo putting heart, soul and a number 11 shoe in a punt that “whistled” through the atmosphere for some 16 yards (?) and then rolled close to 40 feet, via terra firma. —^fc— Seeing this columnist nearby, and supposedly afraid of any adverse publicity as a result of his “punt”, Richard snapped a picture of Merlin Gantz, frosh half, and FC . .. late^ he offered to buy cokes for FC . . . plus donating a picture... met Russell Hardin, brother of last year’s Exponent managing editor, Lowell, who was working out. —^fc— 4:18 p. m.—Barreled out to the frosh baseball practice on the intramural field and watched 60 greenies toss the sphere around and wave a wand or two... Bert Sanders, popular baseball assistant to Pop Doan, had a smile a mile wide . . . Piggy Lambert was hopping around . . . Bob Bailey and Jim Kurtz, a brace
of Boilermaker baseball men, were laying around watching the frosh, gabbing baseball as usual. —^fc— 4:32 p. m.—^Hobbled down the field to see the Greeks perform on the softball diamonds... saw something rather unusual... Jane Fishleight, Chi Omega stuff, was watching her side-kick. Bob Christianson, DU’s “magnificent” second baseman, ''play” . . . down the field, Mrs. Jim Kennedy was boosting for hubby, who was pitching for the Lambda Chis’. —^fc— 4:68 p. m.—^Heard rumors that the Sig Eps had 16 boys going to the Notre Dame-Boilermaker pigskin classic . . . didn’t hear a thing from the other houses . . . perhaps I will . . . can’t tell, —^fc— 5:15 p. m.—Switched to the Stadium and saw Spots Emrick put his band girls through their paces . . . the fanfare of trombones, comets, and drums sounded pretty nice . . . Hermon Phillips was nearby working on his cross-country team. —^fc— Toodle doo! WRH Plans Picnic Tomorrow In Hall Any girl who has at one time or another lived in the Residence Halls for Women i^invited to their annual Old Girls’ Picnic tomorrow afternoon at^:30 in the Hall. Old members are invited by Residence Hall officials to visit the room that they formerly lived in, thus becoming acquainted with the present occupant. As has been the custom during the past four years, the picnic supper wil be served on the South Hall lawn.
HAYS JEWELRY COMPANY East Side of Square Fine Jewelry at Moderate Prices
ivjcuL? SubMJubsL to thsL £xpomnL todcu^!
Riveter Baseball Forces Begin Fall Diamond Drill Hoping tcrget a good look at next year’s Boilermaker diamond forces. Riveter faseball mentors "Pop” Doan, "Piggy’ Lambert, and Burt Saunders last Monday began this yea^s edition of fall baseball practice. ■ Over 100 aspirants turned out for
Intramural Golfers Launch All-Campus Tourney Saturday The annual all-campus golf tournament is to get under way this week-end, with the qualifying round starting Saturday. Contestants will be shooting for the first place trophy award, with the runner-up and first two men in the A and B flights receiving medals. The qualifsnng round must be played between Saturday and'^Tuesday night, with Tuesday night as the deadline. The 16 survivors of the qualifsring round will compose the championship flight, and the remaining contestants will follow up in A and B flights. The tournament will take place at the public golf course, with a fee of 50 cents being required for the qualifying round. WAA Opens Tennis Tournament Today starting today and continuing through Saturday, students may sign up in the Women’s Gymnasium for the annual tennis tournament. Last year WAA featured only co-ed tourneys. However, this year mixed double matches have been added to the curriculum of activities. Co-eds are asked to sign up for either the singes or doubles—not both. The drawings will be announced Monday at which time the first round can be played. Mary Mather, head of tennis, is making arrangements for this tournament.
.. . Regular pigskins for wear, the genuine CAMPUS CORDS are never thrown for a loss; season after season they make steady gains in popularity. No skimping— plenty of yardage in every pair. Should you be smeared Don't fumble around with imitations, refuse all substitutes, insist on the genuine Can't Bust 'Em CAMPUS CORDS.
$5.50 ea.
(AKlKdH
the initial practice Monday night, among whom was a large group of freshmen. Several players about whom the nucleus of next spring’s team will be formed, were also out for a fall program of loosening up and conditioning. Look Over Prospects “The main purpose of these fall practices,” according to Ward Lambert, acting assistant coach, “is to get a good look at next year’s baseball forces. All men that we think will have a chance of making the spring squads will be asked to report at spring practice, while those who do not have the needed ability will be weeded out.” Drill On Fundamentals So far the drills have consisted merely of batting, fielding, and pitching practice with groups of newcomers forming teams for actual diamond play. These fall sessions, which are held at the practice diamond over on the intramural field, will continue as long as the weather permits. PIA Seeks Junior Co-ed Secretary With the indefinite confinement of Betty Lou Jakes, PIA secretary, to the hospital, the PIA board is looking for someone to fill the position. President Jerry Hinshaw annoimced after the last board meeting. Any unorganized junior co-ed is eligible for consideration. Because it is urgent that a new secretary be selected, applicants may submit signed applications without other signatures, Hinshaw explained. These applications may be left in. the PIA ofiSce or in the PIA box at the east desk of the Union building. Applications will be accepted until 4 p. m. Monday, September 26. /-M Schedules ALL CAMPUS TENNIS Today—4 ;15 K. Baughman vs. Bob Weaver. O. W. Brackman vs. B. M. Glazer. H. Leshner vs. Sam Blusteil. Jack Matson vs. J. L. Wolford. C. T. Kirk vs. Fred T^irner. H. B, Carlsen vs. P. J. Leininger. Jim Conners vs. S J. Murphy. Bob Briggs vs. G. R. Wolter. E. J. Disher vs. K. C. Houston. A. C. Goerss vs. J. H. Papurca. Gus Armstrong vs, Jim Mann. S:00 P. J. Wood vs. E. W. Kimmel. P. Bichards vs. P. H. Vaughn. L. P. Myers vs. A. F. Pier. W. J. Miller vs. J. P. Duecker. W. Waterhouse vs. F. Shafer. T. P. Mangold vs. W. eL Allen. R. R. Northrup vs E. W. Johnson. S. Armstrong vs. P. Templeton. J. T. Molinet vs. W. SchallioL EL Treffinger vs. W. Mussleman. L. W. Archibald vs. M. S. Brindnse. J. H. Shaw vs. Biedenneg. M. K. Vitale vs. N. Tueksbury. N. Kitchen vs. D. R. Moeller. SOFTBAIA./—Regnlar Gaines Today Diamond 1— Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Phi IMta Theta. 2— -Tau Epsilon Phi vs. Phi Sigma Kapiia. 8—Sigma Chi vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 4—^Alpba Tau Omega vs. Phi Kappa. 6—Delta Upsilon vs. Beta Sigma PsL 6— Sigma Nu vs. Alpha Chi Rho. 7— Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Pi Karapa PhL 8— ^Theta Chi vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. 9— ^Triangle vs. Sigma Alpha Mn. 10— Kappa Delta Rho vs. Theta Tau. 11— Kappa Sigma vs. Sigma PL 12— ^Faculty vs. Phi Kappa Tan. 18—Delta Tau Delta vs. Beta Theta PL 14— Starma Alpha Epsilon vs. Alpha Sigma FhL 15— Acacia vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 16— Phi Gamma Delta vs. Delta Chi. 17— Sigma Phi Eipsilon vs. Theta XL 18— ^Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Alpha irnr.«» Lambda. ^
Now Booking Fail Season BILL MARTIN AND HIS ORCHESTRA FEATURING DOROTHY DOWNING THE QUINTETTE THE MARTINETTES AND ANGELICO CARCHITANOVA \ Playittg at the PoUeemet^s and PiremeiPs BaU Friday Night
USE EXPONENT CLASSIFIED ADSTHE PURDUE EXPONENT
tV^edbaMdc^^ !^< 1^39
m
Call Fpr Freshmen; Meeting At 4 Today Journalistically inclined freshmen engineers will have an opportunity to express their desires, as the Purdue Engineer, student engineering monthly publication, offers "a call for freshman workers for both the editorial and business staffs. The meeting will be held this afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Engineer office in the Union. Engineer is a monthly magazine published by the students, containing articles that are of special interest to engineers. It requires about six hours of work a week and a couple of technical articles a year. Editorial staff members will have training in technical writing and organizing editorial material. Business staff members will have training in selling subscriptions, circulation and running the business end on the paper. C.L.Harrod Assumes Presidency Dufies C. L. Harrod, Pui’due alumnus, has been elected to the presidency of the Central States Power & Light Corp. at a recent meeting of the board of directors. Harrod is also president of the Laclede Power & Light Co., St. Louis, Mo. Harrod’s first position after leaving school was with the Pennsylvania Railroad. After military service in the World War he served as consulting engineer of Indiana Coal Operators Power Association. He held this position until elected president of the Indianapolis Power & Light Co., continuing in this work until elected to his present posts. •
Classified Ads
LOST—brown bjll fold, near the Physics Building. Stan Widman. Phone 8486. Cary Hall N. W. 821.
PROGRAMS, tickets, announcements, stationery and other printing at painless prices. Kane’s Print Shop, 401 S. 29th. Phone 6205.
LOST—Sigma Alpha Mu pin bearing initials H. A. F. Return to Herbert Fuente, 2476. Reward.
ATTRACTIVE down stairs front room. Near campus. For ladies, single or double. Phone 66264.
FOLKSI It’s your kind of Contest! You a// name things —you name your pets—you nickname your friends for fun. Now name the New Royal Portable for a chance at one of the 151 Prizes offered. Someone is going to wia. Why not you/' *Trade-mark Reg. V. S- Pat. Off.
THE NEW
tCMARSIII ROYAL DECKER’S
PORTABLE
518-29 Main Street
Phone 6477
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Hardware
• School Supplies
Sperb Hardware
"DEAC"
Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices
Everything for a
822 Main Phone 2777
College Education
• Dairy Products M. E. MOREHOUSE DIARY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
business staff or the editorial staff of the Pnrdue Engineer at 4 p. m. Wednesday, September 20. . —SQUIRES.
Camera Club: The first meeting of the year will be held in the Union ballroom Wednesday, September '20, at 7:80 p. m. All interested are invited to attend. —HEDDIN.
Stallings, Erma Irwin', and Helen Ritchey. Friday: Jo Dennis, Mary K. Miller, Blsther Kirkhoff, and Helen Chamberlein. Saturday; T. Stiers, Florence Justih, and Phyllis Smith. ^ »' • (9-26) —SCHILLING.
Kappa Delta Pi: Meeting in the Agriculturist room of the Union at 7:30 p. m. Thursday, September 21. —NEIL.
. Purdue Motorcycliots; Second bl-weefcly formation riding practice Thursday, September 21. Meet at Red Crown Service opposite Union at 4 o’clock. Fob all riders. -BADE.
Model Airplane Enthusiasts: An open meeting of the model airplane club will be held Friday evening, September 22, at 7 p. m. in room C of the Union.^Everyone interested is invited to attend. —HARKER.
Men’s Glee Club: A compulsory rehearsal will be held at Eliza Fowler Hall at. 4 p. m, Wednesday, September 20. —.STEWART.
M. Katzenberg, Donald S,''Pow<^, John 0. ' Jarrebt, Edwara E. Pickett, Robert Oif Bogart. ^ if ; ’’’ ■’if. '”-”'' .' H impoMsible for yoii to bw me, leave your phone number With someone, in the office, or drop it in the ELspehent box on the main Union desk. >^FRBD, i Exponent managing ^tor Exponent Editorial Workers: Permanent schedule are now posted in the office. If there are any changes to be made please see me. —FRED.
will be shown. All students interested are ■wdcome. f ; , '--ADAMS... ' Delta Rho Kappa: Important meeting Wednesday, September 20, at 7:80 p. -m. in room P of the Union. Election of offi'cerB. E8TEY.:,
SINGLE ROOM — Innerspring mattress, knee-hole desk. 627 N. Grant St. Phone 6-1682.
Scabbard and Blade: Short but important meeting to be held in room 103 of the Armory tonight at 7 p. m. All members urged to attend. —OLSON.
Bowlers: All men interested iii forming a student bowling league, please meet in the Union bowling alley at 4 p. m. Tuesday, September 26. ' —KING.
TYPEWRITERS—All makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased^ - rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76.. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 608 Main Street.
Tennis Tourney; All co-eds interested in playing in the mixed doubles tennis tourney or in the women’s singles tourney, signtoday through Saturday in the lobby of the Women’s Gym. —MATHER.
Ag Frosh Reception Committee: Meet at 8 p. m. tonight, Wednesday, September 20, at the Alpha Gamma Rhb house, 607 University St., for making final plans. —HITCHCOCK.
PlayBh<fp Members: Meeting in Fo'wler Hall Wednesday, September 20, at 7 ;80 p. m. Election of officers and other important ness—HEINE. Camera Club: First meeting Wednesday, September 20j at 7 ;30 p. m. in the Union ballroom. Program for the year ■will be' announced. All students and faculty interested are invited. —HEDDEN.
Military Students: AIT students taking military training '’’who have not - been fitted for shoes report immediately to the Varsity Boot Shop for fittings. Sophomores, juniotis, and seniors desiring shoes, report to Supply room for shoe, slips before., going to the Varsity Boot ShbU. Sox for milltoxy dents are available . at the Varsity
Shop.
(9-22) —CAPT. HOLMES,
stuBoot
Exponent Workers: The following sophomores are to work as’hereby assigned: lynn, Monday; Pickett, ' Tuesday;. Lannon and. Novey, Wednesday j Mezger, Thursday; Gaiv' penter and Bollwinkel, Friday; and Purcell, Saturday. .. J - . —FRED
Mortar Board: Important meeting Wednesday, September 20, at 6 p. m. in room A of the Union. —SAURER.
FOR RENT—Students large room, t'Wo new single beds. Reasonable. Phone available. 221 Sylvia St.
UNUSUALLY attractive room in healthful Hills and Dales. Faculty home. Diol 2174.
Student Senate: Memibers not at meeting Tuesday, please leave names and addresses in the Senate office Wednesday at 4 o’clock. —DANIEL
Riding Club: Meeting Thursday, September 21, at 7 :30 in the Union of old and prospective members. —MEYERS.
Catalyst Club: All nominations for pledges must be placed In the box in Dr. Lovell’s office by. Thursday, September 21'. Impoi^ tent meeting Thursday, September 21, in room 301 in the Chemical and Metallurgical Building at 7:80 p. m. —OMOHUNDRO.
Gimlet: Ehort Hut Important meeting in room C of the Union, Wednesday, September 20. All members are urged to be present at 7: p. m. —PRAZaSE
Omicron Nu: Business meeting Thursday, September 21, at 4 p. m. Important. All members please be present. —HOROWITZ.
Sophomores: Will the follo'wing students get in touch with me this week concerning their work, past and future, on the Exponent editorial staff. H. F,. Hays, Lester Robinson, Herbert Payne, William P. Etter,
M. E. Students: ASME organization meeting will be hejd Thursday, September 21, at 7:30 p. m. in the Union h.aUroom. J. W. Parker, chief engineer of Detroit- Edison Co., will speak. Refreshments will be served. —BRYAN.
FOB RENT—^Two newly decorated, very attractively furnished rooms. Adjoining bath. No other roomers. Rent single or double. 264 Lincoln Street, W. Lafayette Ind. Phone 71681.
Glider Club: Meeting Thursday, Septem-
V J T, CT « - V- - - ■ ' 21, in room P. of the Union at 7:80 p. m. Richard F. Sears, Roger P. Nusbaum, Edgar Colored movies of Frankfort soaring meet
Surveying: Make up in C. E. 6 is scheduled for Saturday, September 28, at 1 p. m. Permits must be obtained in room 102, Civil Engineering building, before September 21. ; —LOMMEL Playshop Tryouts: Tryouts for the productions “Brother Bat" and "Winterset" will be held Tuesday and Wednesday, Sejitember 19 and 20, at 4 p. m. in Eliza Fowler Hall. —DIETRICH.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting tonight, September 20, at 7:16 in room A of the Union. —SICKMAN.
LOST—Small green trunk delivered to wrong address. Yellow Cab Co. Phone 6023.
FOR BENT—Newly furnished rooms, single or double, twin beds, graduate students preferred. Phone 45962.
Flying Club and Aviation Enthusiasts: A meeting is scheduled tonight at 7 in the Agriculturist office in the Union. All those interested in aviation are urged to attend. (9-20) -r-KIMBALL.
FOR SALE—^Boy’s Liberty bicycle ; year 'old, balloon tires, gear shift, kick standard, shock spring. Phone 36301.
NOTICES
Senate: All newly elected members of the Student Senate are requested -to meet in the Senate office at 4 p. m. today, Wednesday, September 20. —FISHBURN.
Sophomore Exponent Co-eds ; Because of the large number of workers, co-eds will have only one assigned night to work. However, girls who wish to work extra may do so at their own convenience. The schedule is: , Monday: Jane Julin, Donna Siess, Mary Bailey, Patricia Flint, and Ruth Rose. Tuesday: Peg Guise, Maeta Kaplan, Mary J. Bird, and Marguerite Funkhouser. Wednesday: Charlotte Brand,,Helen Ritchey, Jean Ann McClintock, Florence Justin, and Regina Baker. Thursday,: Laura Betty Gregory, Helen
Our Dry CleaningUnit-^ has been rebuilt-~-with a new still and filter, and a new type of cleaning fluid that permits us to turn out work that is the last word in modern dry cleaning! Call Vs. .
mSs American Laundry
132 Vine St.
Horticulture Society; First meeting to he held on Wednesday, September 20, at 7 p. m. in the Horticulture Building. All old members are requested to be present and freshmen are invited to attend. —APPLEGATE,
All Students: All receipts should be returned either for books or money' at the book exchange office in the Union before Friday, September 22, at 4 p. m. Business will be carried on in the Union office on the second floor. Books and money not called for will be confiscated. —CLARKE.
Engineering Freshmen: Meeting of all those who are interested in working on the
mT! G®©® IS THE FliBIUE TEAM THIS YEAHI? A Football Expert Tells You in This Week's Post
• What jplayers from here will make headlines this season? Which opponents will be most dangerous? Francis Wallace has just completed a swing around the country, chinning with coaches, getting the inside, and now brings you the names to watch. What new tricks will add more touchdowns per game, and what players in colleges coast-to-coast have AHAmerican chances ? Turn to this week’s Post for a fact-crammed article that predicts this year’s winning teams. Wallace has been right two/years in a row. Will he he right again? Pigskin Preview of 1939 by FRANCIS WALLACE
ALSO in this week's Post FUNNY MAN BENCHLEY Laughs from the life of a humorist by J. BRYAN, III VARIATION ON A THEME A modem love story by PAUL GALLICO HENRY AND THE GOLDEN MINE An imaginative fantasy by STEPHEN VINCENT BENET SWING YOUR PARTNER, HECTOR! Puzzling njurder in a rural setting bySIGMANBYRD ONE TO MAKE A BARGAIN What’s the real trouble with NLRB? by GARET GARRETT THE BIG ONES GET AWAY Short story of big-game fishing by PHILIP WYLIE THE YANKS ARE COMING-BACK How New England is maldng money again by STEWART H. HOLBROOK AND... serials by REX STOUT and MacKINLAY KANTOR, editorials, poems, cartoons, humor, 104 pages of entertainment for your nickel. Out today.