T , _ .. 1. C( / ,1 ^ ’' t“ * T'^k *■ {'‘A? “ ^ '%'^^lg ^ f J? ■! J ’ „?»’'» •» /‘•Si-ii I. .
« <
Committee To Select Queen Today
i-in
Founded In 1889
XflOHCM m Daffy Shwe 1906
Volume 52, No. 135
West Lafayette, Indiana
Wednesday, March 12, 1041
UNWERSITV GEU $U5G,0M FROM STA1E
Uniled Stales Holds HeamerClub Names
Settlement Key To French Convoy Plan Appeasement Attitude Checks Britain's Move By Helen Kirkpatrick SPECIAL CABLE ’ To ChicKgo Daily News Foreign Service. Copyright, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. London, March 11.—^Eitcept for the attitude of Washington, the British government ^ould be ready to call Vichy’s bluff and accept Vice-Premier Darlan’s challenge that he is ready to use force to get French ships through the British blockade. Washington apparently has the deep-seated idea that, while appeasement everywhere else in the world has proved a dismal failure, the anti-British and pro-German rulers of Vichy can be appeased by shipments of American foodstuffs to France. Econonti^ Co-operation Despite^ the fact that Chief of State Petain and Adm. Darlan have promised full economic co-operation with Germany, Washington appears prepared to negotiate with Darlan when he threatens to escbrt French ships through the British blockade if necessary. |British Must Accept The best judgment, both of British economic experts and of the British cabinet, would lead them to tell Darlan to ^‘try and do it.” But as Washington is in the midst of negotiations with Vichy and the British have been requested to “go easy,” they have little alternative but to accept. f. R. Shute .. . EE ’12, Vice President of the Western Union Telegraph company and Chairman of the Telegraph Committee of the Defense Communication Board, has been comniissionecf Lieutenant Colonel in the United States Army Signal Corps.
22 Spring Pledges Reamer club, activities honorary, pledged the following 22 men last night: Reid Bennett, Damon Elder, William Farbcr, Casey Fredericks, Paul Penn, Herman Graehner/Fred Graf, Les Gregory, Harry Hale, Charles Hansen, Don Hanson, Max Kline. Oscar Luetkemeier, Lee Lumpkin, Harry McPerren, William Pressnall, Jacob Ramp, Robert Riggs, John Traugott, Don Safford, Wesley Waterhouse and Tom Yoder. The announcement was made last night by Bert Bohlin, Reamer president. l.w.r. Co-ed Capers Promise Stiff, Lively Rivalry For Trophy Possession Co-eds are busy planning capers this week to yie for the Decker Trophy in the second contest which will be held Saturday at 3 o’clock in the south ballroom of the Union. Groups hoping to win the trophy are Alpha Xi Delta, Alpha Chi Omega, Chi Omega, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Pi Beta Phi, Thaeles, WRH North, WRH South, and Wood Hall. The best of the ten minute skits will be picked by Mrs. F. B. Knight, president of the YWCA advisory board. Miss Irene Peldt, director of the placement service for women, and Mr. Robert Horn of the speech department. Tickets will be on sale outside the Sweet Shop tomorrow, Thursday, and Friday afternoons for ten cents. The proceeds of Co-ed Capers will be used to send Relegates to the annual YWCA conference which is held at Geneva, Wisconsin. Jane Julin is in charge of Co-ed ^ Capers. Alice Reed is chairman of the program committee, Jane Blank of the ticket committee, and Vivian Peterson and Jeanne Weil are in charge of publicity, a.c.
M-From AIL Fronts—— Tctda/s Summary Of War News
To Cbicuw Daily News Foreign Service. Oeyyrisht, 1940. Cliieaso Daily News, IVia • Allies Lose 29 Ships Twenty-nine British, ^llied and neutral vessels were sunk during the week ended March 2, the Admiralty admitted today in London. The total tonnage was 148,038, the heaviest week’s toll since October. * * ♦ e French May Use Convoys “An official communique today underscored yesterday’s notice by Vice-Premier Darlan, in a press conference, that battleships might accompany merchant vessels on the high seas,” radios Paul Ghali from Vichy. * * * e Vichy Bluffs “If it were not for Washington the British government- would be ready to call Vichy’s bluff,” cables Helen Kirkpatrick from London. * * * e No Axis Infiltration Now “It is believed in governmental circles in London that Yugoslavia may stem off any German intrusion into its territory or forced adherenQe to the Axis for at least a month or SIX weeks,” cables William H. Stoneman. * « * o Roosevelt—^'War Criminal' “What a line the final comments (on the Lend-Lease Bill) may take is perhaps indicated by the increasing Efforts here to make Roosevelt appear as one of Jthe arch warcriminals of the period,” radios David M. Nichol from Berlin. A ♦ o Portsmouth Raided Again Thousands of incendiary and explosive bombs were dropped on the British city and naval base at Portsmouth during a six-hour raid. It was the longest and most savage attack to which Portsmouth has been subjected.
Greek Week Activities Start With Mass Meeting Tonight
Elliott Will Give First In Series Of Three Talks
Greek Week, this year’s version of the institution that has been too appropriately known in past years as “Hell Week,” opens tonight as actives and pledges of campus fraternities meet at 7:30 o'clock in Fowler Hall for the first of a series of meetings, which will contiijue through next Sunday. Fraternity Life President Elliott will act as principal speakfer of the evening at tonight’s meeting. His talk will deal with the promotion of fraternity life, the general theme of the entire program. Mark Keane will he ,chairman of tonight’s meeting,' .^which more than eight hundred Pledges and actives are expected“to attend. Ppn Douglass, president of the Inter - fraternity Presidents Council, will open the session with a short talk on the aims of Greek Week. Hell Week Greek Week is the descendent of
President Edward C. Elliott last year’s Fraternity Week, a similar program conducted by the Council in co-operation with the University with an eye to substituting it for previous Hell Weeks. This year the objective of the^, cooperating organizations is to further the work of last year in stressing an organized period of pledge training and education which will familiarize pledges with their du-. ties to the University, their respec-
tive houses and their fellow students. All speakers at Greek Week meetings will be prominent fraternity men, either members of the University staff, or men outside the University who have been active in fraternal circles. Tomorrow night R. B. Stewart, University controller, will address a group, consisting only of pledges. Sunday, at the banquet which by virtue of its recurrence this year becomes an annual event, Norman Hackett, national secre-. tary of Theta Delta Chi, will address both actives and pledges at the culmination of the trmning period. Attendance at this meeting is expected to far exceed that at any similar meeting in previous years. The various fraternities will sponsor individual educa^onal programs during the period mtervening between Thursday^and Sunday. Cooperation Asked Cooperation of all fraternities in the fraternity, convocations of the Greek"'Week program is expected to serve to preserve the beneficial and desirable features of its antecedents while replacing some of the less valuable parts of the old Hell Week with opportunities for pledges to better understand their obligations as fraternity ihen, and to orient themselves in University life.
r.l.h.
State Florists Open Annual Meet Today; FloralMusicaleAtS Beauty Queens Display 'Flowers In A Life Time' A crowd of over a thousand students, townspeople and florists are expected to attend the floral musical that will be held tonight at 8 o'clock in the South ballroom of the Union in connection with the X4th annual Indiana Florist’s conference which opens here today. According to Prof. E. R. Honeywell, head of the floriculture department of the University there is no admission charge. 20 Separate Scenes This panel show, entitled “Flowers in a Life Time” will be composed of twenty parts to signify the various occasions to wear flowers. New and favorite ways to display flowers will interest every student. Music for the occasion will be furnished by the Concert Choir. Beauty Queens Appear The opening scene is titled “The New Arrival” and the closing scene shows old Father Time being chased by the New Year’s baby. Four of this year’s beauty queens Ann OStrander, Martha Lommel, Jean Lauer, and Jean Moses will be escorted by members of the Concert Choir to enact the “Night of the Prom.” Other events include the Birthday party, Easter holidays, Wedding day as well as the Golden wedding. The opening session this morning of the Florist conference, presided over by Dr. Laurenz Greene of the horticulture department, will include talks on the culture of pot plants and greenhouse insurance. The afternoon session is open to the registered florist, growers,^ wholesalers and their employees, who are interested in the retail business. Preceding the floral musicale will be (Continued on page 4) Debate Over Western Hemisphere Union Brings No Dedsioir Last night tvfro students from the University of Floiida met two representatives of the University in a non-decision debate held in Fowler Hall before an audience of approximately 300. The question was: Resolved, That the nations of the Western Hemisphere should form ^ permanent union. Representing the University of Florida on the negative side were Bernard Fuchs and Dick Anderson, The University students speaking on the affirmative side were Mack White and Mark Keane. Affirmative Side ^ On .the affirmative. White and Keane attempted to present a plan which would settle worliLproblems as they affected the Western Hemisphere and'infringed upon the Moni'oe Doctrine. It was their contention that it was not a case of would, but rather should, the South American countries consent to a union which would undoubtedly be dominated by the United States. Negative Arguments Oh the other side, Fuchs and Anderson opposed unification of the countries of the Western Hemisphere on the grounds that the South American republics would not agree to be dominated by the U. S. but WQuld prefer sovereignty over all economic and military matters. It was their belief that we should render all-out aid to Great Britain and thus greatly promote our chances of survi'wng possible invasion of the totalitarian powers, which even a union could not prevent. w.m.c.
Legislature Passes Biennium Budget By J. H. McK^ JR.
(News Editor)
Ending its 61-day session yesterday, the Indiana state legislature passed the state appropriation bill, giving the University $2,250,000 per year for operating expenses for the biennium starting July 1,1941. The $103,000 per year cut, passed by the House last Friday, was restored Monday by the Senate^ The House accepted the restoration by a voice vote. j- The building budget of $170JM)0
per year, as proposed by the budget committee, was cut by the Ways and Means committee of the House to $145,000. The building appropri^en^^'was passed as amended by
Prom Candidates To Compete Today Selection of the Junior Prom Queen will be made this afternoon at 4:15 p. m. in Room 303 of the Union. The judging committee met yesterday afternoon to select a queen, but they decided that a fairer and more accurate choice could be made by seeing all the candidates together. Nominees are asked to appear at the meeting in afternoon
dresses and high heels.
Prospective queens are; Betty Trexler, Jean McClintock, Virginia Diehl, Dorothy McLain, VirginiaSommer, Anna Bell Ball, Betty Erick, Harriet Forgey, Barbara Hyman, Jean Taylor, and Betty
Hanna.
Agnes McCulloch, Bunny Evans, Corrine Riefers, Peggy Davis, Mary Ann Carpenter, Mary Ellen Scarff, Joyce Fielden, Jane Ostrander, Anna Jensen, and Helen Frosch. b.j.l. Bob Barnes To Play At TAP Triad Dance Triangle, Alpha Gamma Rho, and Pi Kappa Phi will hold their annual triad, the “TAP” daflee, Saturday night in the Union. Music will be furnished by*a popular band from Indiana University under the direction of Bob Barnes. According to Bill Dower, Triangle, the theme for this formal affair will be modernistic throughout. Tentative decoration plans are to have three male figures, in tails, silhouetted against*® light blue backdrop. On, the/stiff shirt fronts of the figures will appear lighted crests of the three fraternities, Three Engineers Make 6.5 Average Congratulations are in order for three engineers who received the highest index possible, according to the announcement from the president’s office. Two other students and one co-ed missed this honor’by one-tenth of a point. The students earning all H’s the pa^j; semester are Albert D. Lewis, seni^or civil engineer of Paoli; NedA. Ochiltree, junior mechanical en- / gineer of Oak Park, 111.; and William J, Boms, junior chemical engineer 'of Decatur. The students that just missed it are Joseph E. Schwager, freshman engineer of Michigan City with 6.44; Laddie Stahl, junior civil engineer of Terre Haute with 6.42; and Ellen Searight, freshman experimental science o£ Logansport, with 6.41. e.w.n. ^ Dean Fisher To Address Student Co-Opileinl M. L.^ Fisher, dean pf -men, will speak to sthdents who reside in Co-op houstes at an^BCA educational^ meeting to be held in the Ft Lounge of the Union this evening. The topic of his address will be “Caxnpuf CoToperatives,” |<Uen Sqttner and Lawrence Myers, student speakers, will also present ideas on the same subject, program will begin at 7;S0 p. m.
the fiouse. Maintenance $30,000 Foi^ repair and general maint^ance $^30,000 was appropriated. Thisfigure is not included in the general building budget. An additional $30,000 was appropriated for new laboratory equipment to be used in laboratories now completed. Following the precedent set several years ago, $50,000 was set aside for the University retirement fund. This fig:urp is matdied by the University and members of the faculty in a manner similar to the federal social security system, a percentage being deducted from professorial salaries. Greenhouse EqUi^^ent Ten thousand dollars was appropriated for the equipment and up- ’ keep of the University greenhouse, the one farthest south on Marstellar street, in which tomato research is being conducted. A sum of $5,000 per year was provided for the continuance of tomato disease research. This bill was sponsored by the Indiana Conners’ Association, but the research will be conducted by the Universily. Another appropriation, allocated to the Northern Indiana MuckCrop Association but to be used by the University, of $10,000 is to be used in continuinff the research on the University muck-crop farm near South Bend. Other Schools The appropriation for the University’s use, not including the appropriations to the Connors’ and Muck-Crop associations, totals $2,506,000, Indiana University received a similar apppropriation,^ The two state normal schools, Bafi State Teachers College, Muncie, and the Indiana State Normal College received proportionate amounts; Esfey Will Present Marriage Ledure Prof. J. AT Estey, head of the department of histo^, will speak on “The Economic^ Aspects of Marriage” at the marriage lecture, tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clodc in the lecture room of the Education Building. This lecture is the last lecture which juniors may attend. However, there are to be three more lectures for seniors, includins ©nn on physiology and two hy ^»ysi-
cians.
HilPsBandToPky AtCaryClubDagum Cary Club “joes” VriH swIbr Friday night at their knnnal ^y dance, this year the “{Sweater lop,” in the South baUrecHn of the ffnion with TUtgy MU mnd his orkeAtra of natiim-wide fmv nishing the music- Irr Given and his canons hand wfid also play in the Fac^ty LoungeDancing will he from 9 tu it., Strictly informal attire wiW he in' order with suits for the fi^owa and sweaters and skirts for tito mIs-
w.m.e.
-/"jif-' ' ’SifiagB2—£diii
Wednesday, March 12, 1941
fiuhdujL £xpoiuud.
V;
Pordne’s % Interesting n . People
Seated behind his desk in University Hall, a quiet unassuming man vrith Eddie Cantor eyes, ‘modestly tdld us of his rise in a fascinating field—^writing. Possessing not only a flair for striking up an immediate friendly feeling, Professor H. J. Muller, of the English department has also a definite flair for thought provoking writing — evidenced by his numerous publications. “The Literary Meanings of Sci-
I DECKER'S I ^ S18 Mam St. Phone 5036 ^ i M
PRIVATE KELLY’S PIPE WAS SMELLYiwt he's out oj the dog house now!
“NO BLANKETY-BLANK rookie who smokes such blankety-blank tobacco can ever marry my daughter! Phew! Either slay away or switch to the^lrwy'ifavorite!”
KELLY GOT DECORATED forfragrance under fire! You can, too! You puffSirWalter in your pipe and every nose agrees it’s the mild hurley blend of grand aroma!”
Cellophane tape' around lid seals
flovor in, brinps you tobacco 100% fdctory-fresh! :
Kappa Sigma . . . will oppose Sigma Alpha Mu in the finals of the Inter-Prat badminton tourney this afternoon on the Fieldhouse court. The Kappa Sigs entered the final round when they defeated the Lambda Chi squad yesterday afternoon, and the “Sammys” became finalists after winning over the SAE team, d.e.b.
ence” is the book now under completion by Professor Muller. It seems that some diggings in the copper mines out west gave a family named Guggenheim several extra pieces of coin. These copper mining returns have meant opportunity for research and work by many promising people in various fields of endeavor. Professor Muller was one of the fellowship recipients. The year of study and work on his book was spent in Europe and in Mexico. Professor Muller’s interest in writing came as a development of his study of the Modern Novel, its significance and background. He has established himself as a critic, particularly of poetry. Several of his reviews have appeared in various quarterly magazines, among them the Yale Eeview. A great deal of his interest is centered in writings on the humanization of the various angles of scientific research. Cornell Man Before coming to the University, Muller was connected for eight years with the Cornell staff. It was from here that he received his degree in English. —yours for more interest—
Ether Edits JalL By Gordon Griffin ^ ^
LAST DAY GROOCHO* CHICO. HARPO MARX BROS. In M-C-M’s 00 VIOST fduA
Thurs. “ Fri. - Sat.—2 Hits! CHESTER MORRIS in 'MEET BOSTON BLACKtE' ALSO DON BARRY in "WYOMING WILDCAT"
Claude R. Wickard, U. S. Secretary of Agriculture, is well known to Hoosiers and especially to the inhabitants of Carroll County, where he was bom. Now |ie takes another great stride in his career — one which will make him better known to millions of people throughout the country—^when hej!tai](ds (or rather sits) bravely before the wilting interrogations of one Clifton Fadiman. The occasion? Information Please this Friday at 7:30 over NBC Red—(WMAQ). ——0*0' Also on Friday, one hour later over the same station, radio drama history will be made. Yoq know, it’s very seldom that radio plays are heard over the air more than once (excepting of course such “perennial” favorites as Dicken’s “Christmas Carol”) but Arch Oboler presents this Friday, not only the same play for the fourth time, but it has the same radio star in the title role! It will be, “The Ugliest Man in the World” as portrayed by Raymond Edward Johnson ... on the Everyman’s Theater Show. Oboler wrote this unique (to say the least) play ,for the original Lights Out show. It turned out to be better than he expected. So, he transcribed the play, v^h Johnson playing the lead, flew to NBC in New York, collared Lewis H. Titterton, head of the Script Division, and landed a contract for a series known as “Arch Oboler’s Plays.” “The Ugliest Man in the World” is reputed to be Oboler’s favorite brain-child (and we can see why!) and also Johnson’s favorite role. It marks the ultimate in the stream-of-consciousness drama from which Oboler originated and has made him famous in the field of original radio drama.
Incidentally, there is a copy of Oboler’s “Fourteen Radio Plays” in the University library and some of the plays read as well as they sound over the air.
MaiH
-todaytwo FIRSTR^ HITS ANNA NEAGLE ROLAND YOUNG IN NO NO NANETTE — PLUS — MEXICAN SPITFIRE OUT WEST WITH LUPE VALEZ LEON ERROL
STARTS THURSDAY TWO FIRST RUN HITS
ALL-NEW ADVENTURES WITH -
with ^ GEORGE SANDERS
WENDY BARRIE' _ GWIfbyli • Jwstliaii Hale Uoda Hayes < rko radio Pidw. PLUS
A gay widow ... love ... and a million dollars! B?a«EArsy ROBERT RUTH CUMMINGS • HUSSEY Jilitli ANDERSON . C. Aubrey SMITH • Nigel BRUCE Ik. Reginald OWEN . Tom CONWAY LAST TIMES TODAY ?TIAMES OLIVIA**^ MCNEr'dclUVIUillir rSiiuHV]^Rir]Ku»n»E'‘ ^ith RITA HAYWORTHj^
ARC
—LAST TIMES TODAY-
A COlUMBIA PICTURI \ — AND —
RANDALL
also “GREEN ARCHER" Serial
—THURS.-FRI.-SAT. r~ SECRET SEYEN TRAILIN' DOUBLE TROUBLE WINNERS OF THE WEST
Spring Has Come
... at least to the Union Lounges and the Sweet Shop. At least that’s the way it would appear to any uninitiated visitor./ In extreme poor taste are some of the actions which take place in these places in the Student Union. We’re probably a little old fashioned in this respect but we’ve always felt that the display of affection was a personal matter and have tried to confine ourselves in this respect to private situations. People who are temporarily off the beam because of some amorous static are inclined to be oblivious to their surroundings but we think that the present situation is the result of a build-up process in which the leniency of the authorities has been abused. Anyway to the vast majority of those on the outside looking in, “It ain’t nice.’’ And we’d hate to see any signs up in the Union like the ones we’ve seen in some places which say “No Jitterbug Dancing’’ only we aren’t talking about dancing. ,
The Purdue Exponent
Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of (h>ngre8s of March 8, 1879, and at the aitecial rate of postage provided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 8B> 1922. Fubllshed daily except l^nday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for 88.00 per year, mail subscription 88.50. Bditor-in-Chief. JR. W. Donahue Business Manager.... Meric Bagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor. J..H. MoKee Managing Editor — D. K. Heiple Associate Editors: N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Buffner, B. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott Avrineaa Staff Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. F. Danglemajer; Accounts Manager, IL J. Sbadford; Circulation Manager, B. M. Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff Editor ... Beth Simpson Associate Editors: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna SiesB. Sports Staff Editor. J. p. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swalm.
Phona: Editoripl 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue Night Editor: Rose Ass’t. Night Editor: Amos Night Sports Editor: Johnson Staff: R. Humrick,' R. L. Hadley, E. M. Swarts, W. G. Hoskins, W. M. Clark, L. M. Stettenbenz, E, W. Nordlinger, A. Chatiield, B. S. Lahr, M. L. I^sey.
ASME Contest This Saturday; Potter's Award For Winner Competition for the A. A. Potter Award of $60.00 for the winning essay on “The-Engineer in Public Service,” a contest sponsored by the National Committee on Civic Responsibilities of the ASME, will get under way this Saturday, according to Prof. W. J. Cope, contest administrator at the University. All members of the student branch of the ASME are eligible. Similar contests are being held at Newark College of Engineering and Stephens Institute of Engineering to interest younger members of the society in the achievements of engineers who have taken 'definite interests in community life and accomplished an objective through strict use of sound engineering principles. The essays, limited to 3000 words, are to concern some project of which the essayist has a personal knowledge.
All This Week! ANNUAL SALE BELLE-SHARMEER HOSIERY Reductions that are worth while. Available in all leg sizes and in colors of Toffee, Sunkist, peppermint and Butter Pecan. An event of importance to the women of Lafayette and W^t Lafayette.
THIEME & WANGERIN CO: 622-626 Main Sh Lafayette, Ind.
6olf Squad Exhibits Improvement Over Former Campaigns This year’s golf team looks very promising with five lettermen returning. These veterans are co-cap-tains George Dahl and Bob McKenzie, Bob Hoffer, “Dug” McDaniels and C. T. Curran. The new members of the team are Wade Knipp, R. R. Shutt, D. R. Dittner, John Combs, and R. B. Robertson. These boys have been workinghard since the first of February. Practice is held in the subbasement of the Fieldhouse and consists primarily of driving, pitching, and putting. As yet this year the squad has been on real sod two or three times. However, weather permiting, the boys intend to spend more time outside. There is no doubt that the squad shows decided improvement's a result of their work. Coach Harry Allspaw says, “We will have a better golf team this year than we did last year.” p.g.m.
Entries at the University will be judged by three faculty members to be selected later. Students wishing to enter must submit their names and essay titles to Professor Cope in room 112, Mechanical Engineering Building, before noon Saturday. The contest closes May 1, w.e.v.
Tickets For Annual WAA Dinner On Sale Tickets for the annual WAA banquet to be held Thursday night, March 20, at 6 o’clock in the Home Economics building are now on sale at the main office at the gym, at sorority houses, or from members of the WAA council. The tickets are fifty cents, and the banquet will be formal. Dorothy A. Bennett, author of “Sold to the Ladies” or “Three Girls on a Barge,” will be the guest speaker. Her book is the story of the adventures of three girls who bought a barge and lived on it one summer attempting to convert it into a livable place, a.c.
Intra Mural Sports
VOLLEYBALL Wednesday, March 12 7 :00 p. m. Alpha Kappa Lambda, Beta Theta Pi, Delta Chi, Delta Upsilon, Kappa Delta Rho. Kappa Sigma, Phi Delta Theta, Phi Kappa Psi, Phi Kappa Si^na, Phi Kappa Tau, Sigma Alpha Mu, Sigma Chi, Sigma Nu, Sigma Pi, Theta Chi, Theta Xi.
„ BASKETBALL Court 1: B. Berman—C. Rechenbach 4:00 Yanks vs Tigers Court 2: H. R. Schwartz—J. Zehring 4:00 Luma vs Salisbury
Second Series of Our Amazing Bargains Colgat’e Tooth Powder Large Size and Regular Size 41c 35c Mum 29c 25c Band-Aid 19c 50c Jergen's Lotion with . 25c Jar of Face Cream 39c Yardley Shaving Bowl $1.00 and Many More at UNIVERSITY DRUG CU. Free Delivery DIAL 4094 '
ALL-CAMPUS BADMINTON Wednesday, March 12 (Must be played off by 4:16 Wednesdaj > Winner (D. Collins vs W. Ohman) vs Winner (J. Papurca vs B. Ballard) Alg^r vs Winner (R. Romanowich vs W. R. Becker) J. Crutehfiejd vs Winner (M. Evanson vs. J. G. Kalbfleisch) (Rechenbach vs T. T. Taylor) vs Winner (W. Jackson vs P. L. Danowski) J. L, Covert vs H, Goldstein Hargesheimer vs Winner (B. Davis vs E Hausburg) R- P- Green vs Winner (J. Mann vs H. W. Payne)
TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT.
starring GERALDINE FITZGERALD of Doric Victory” THOMAS MITCHELL of Gone Wilh The W/nd” JEFFREY LYNN of Ail This, And Heaven Too” JAMES STEPHENSON of "The teller" -LAST TIMES TODAY--/
\< ,,
pukHujL ^xfutmnt
Wednesday* Match >12* 1941
fiMpL 3 *
An
Tracksters Condition For Butler Relays
By Joseph Patrick Dolan Now ain’t this weather we're having the most insidious thing in our curriculum for spring sports, but keep your spirits up because, as the California chambers of commerce say, “it's only a damp spell.” —I-I— The Fieldhouse is sJ full of athletes that you're lucky to walk i^hrough the joint without being knocked over. Baseball batters are in‘long rectangular batting cages; football players are passing porky pigskins all over the place, and track men are still running in circles. —I-I— I've heard a rumor to the effect that the football squad will play a regulation football game each Saturday of this spring which to me is a swell idea for student body and coaches alike. As you kncynr, the starting line-ups for the first fall game is about determined by the spring showing. And these intrasquad games are the nuts for real competition, as Mai usually breaks the stars up into two squads, and first eleven positions are of more utility than high scores. —I-I— Remember the little fellow in the Thanksgiving show “Everything But Onions”? Little Carl Potenza! He's a sophomore and a second base aspirant on the baseball team, and if hustle has anything to do writh a player, he'll be on the squad. He's always moving, talking, and thinking. -I-I— Sigm^ Phi Epsilon is the new Greek basketball champ, dnd would like to play Luma House, the best of the independents, and also the Pi KA club, first semester champion. Those Sig Ep and Luma House teams are the “it” clubs and they would like to compete against each other. How about it; Chief? Dr.J. R.Leevy ... will give a radio address “The Community Centered SOhood'” tomorrow at 11 a. m. over station WBAA. It will be part of the Lafayette P.T.A. radio program which is under the direction of Mrs. French.
Baseball Squad Leaves Soon For Warm Climate With their first scheduled game less than two weeks away approximately 40 candidates for this year’s Boilemaker baseball squad have been working out daily in the Fieldhouse. Because of the bad weather, the entire team has taken part in only one or two outside practices. Team Goes South
Rhinies, Varsity Swimmers Will Meet On Friday Pepping it up for the coming important tank meets. Coach Dick Papenguth's varsity mermen will face the Boilermaker yearling paddlers Friday night in the Fieldhouse pool at 7:30 p. m. The frosh underdogs, composed of about 26 strong, are expected to give the regulars a good race, the meet being a large factor in the determination of numejal winners for the closing season. The freshman mainstay, John Dilley, of Huntington, is recuperating at home from a case of the measles, but is expected back for the fracas. Many States Represented Other prominent rhinies who will display a lot of the action are: Claude LaBaw and John Carroll, Hammond; Dick McCarthy and Cliff Erickson, New York City; Vernon Hansel, New Orleans; Joe Staney, Roanoke, Va.; Ted Nordquist, Gary; Jim Barr, Greenfield, and Wayne Snyder, ^Rossville. A week after the Rhinie-Varsity clash the Riveters will travel to Ft. ‘Wayne, March 21st, facing the Ft. Wayne YMCA squad in preparation for the National Inter-Collegiate Meet at Lansing, Michigan, March 28 and 29, and the National AAU Meet, April 8th, at Ann Arbor, Michigan. Ft. Wayne Easy The northern “Y” men aren't particularly strong, but will have the advanta^ge of swimming in their home pool, which is a short course. Coach Papenguth and his swimmers &re out for some records, and probably many reserves will see action in the water. The meet might be
A good plan... pause and
A little minute is long enough for a big rest when you drink on ice-cold bottle of Coca-Cola. It brings a feeiing of complete refreshment...completely astisfying. So when you pouse throughout the day, make it the pdvse fhdt refreshes with ice-cold Coca-Cola.
YOU TASTE ITS QUALITY
During spring vacation this year as always before, 19 /players chosen by Coach “Dutch” Fehring will head south for their annual spring training trip. Because of the fact that only 19 will make the trip, competition is becoming very keen. As part of jthe spring trailing, the Riveters will play the flying cadets from the U. S. Naval Air Station at Pennscola, Fla., on March 24, 26, 26. On March 27, 28, 29 they will meet the Engineers of Alabama Poly at Auburn, Alabama. Since only four major lettermen are available this year, the squad may lack experience. How'ever, several promising sophomore sluggers along with a few holdovers from last year are expected to help make this year's squad one of the toughest in the Conference. Don Blanken and John Emmert, both pitchers; Bud Fisher, catcher; and Watterhouse, a heavy hittuig 'outfielder are the four major lettermen returning. Batting Drill Last night Coach Fehring sent the squad through its first infield drill. In addition every member of the team took his turn in-the batting cages. The way several of the big fellows were taking their cuts at the old “apple” was sufficient evidence that they have already regained their batting eyes. j.d.
classed as a “breather,” although the defenders will put forth plenty of effort to stalemate the invading Boilermakers. Over sjpring va^cation the varsity will undergo vigorous work-outs daily, sacrificing the holidays for a good showing at Lansing and at Ann Arbor, in which piy^bably eight or nine Riveters will compete, d.e.b.
Phillips Holds EHminatipns For Saturday Meet; Ten Members On Traveling Squad For the second week-end in a row, Coach Hermon Phillips’ track team will meet the cream of the Big Ten plus many other non-conference aggregations as they move into the Butler Fieldhouse for the ninth running of the Butler Relays. The relays were started in 1933 by Phillips when he was thinly mentor
at the Indianapolis institution. In addition to the Western Con- - ference schools, such teams as Notre Dame, Michigan State and Michigan Normal will make the going rough. Butler has an excellent chance of taking top honors in the college division, while Indiana is favored to repeat the victory they scored in the Big Ten Meet at the Boilermak-
er Fieldhouse Saturday.
The Hoosier triumverate of Campbell Kane, Archie Harris and Roy Cochrane will probably b^ responsible for half of t^ie points the Cream and Crimson is able to pile
«Pt
When the HI tracksters walked off with first place and a total of 44 counters in the recent Big Ten Meet, this trio was directly or indirectly responsible for 23 points. Kane took firsts in the 880 and the mile runs, Harris a second in the shot put and Cochrane was on the relay team which took second and won the 440 yard run. Trouble From Wolves, Irish Michigan and Notre Dame are the main threats to Hoosier supremacy. The Wolverines were run-ners-up to lU Saturday and the Irish 'Were barely nosed out in a dual meet with Indiana earlier this
eters will appear to represent the Phillips-coached machine, since a great many of the events will be of the relay type. “Phil” has not selected those who will make the trip as yet, but will do so through eliminations today, tomorrow, and
Thursday.. I
Captain Ed Holderman, Alex Jentsch, Red Carter, Burt Anthony, Lloyd MacEachem, Jake Weber and Dave Rankin are almost cer-
tain to go. o.t.c.
ALL-CAMPUS PING PONG Wednesday, March 12 Following men please report—4:16 p. m. V. O. Droege, T. W. Schulenborg, E. P. Navta, J. Schnsible, Ted Anderson, E. Hausburg, C. S. Armstrong, D. R. Hall, G. Steodel, Ross Allen, P. B. Fihe, H. Townsend, C. E. Martin, H. O. Graf, G. W. King, D. B. Kilty, C. T. Dietz, G. Pickerel, J. C. Dodd, E. Cortissoz, A. Schmel. T. B- Novey, E. M. Galonka, J. T. Beal, S. W. Gehrs, N. A. Shane, L. A. McDonald, M. Cancilla, C. Huff, E. P. WeUs, R. S. Lichtenberg, C. Lynch, E. G. Nasser, W. Koester, W. L. Vaughan, A. Moreno, G^te.. wood, J. C. Jarrett, J. J. Roberts, A. Hageman. Bill Wagner, G. Sauter, J. D. Pecsok, B. Dixon, J. Terrill, A. Ba^, Jim Cummings, F. B. Gauker, Archie Hunnicott, Allen Joshua.
InClas'B'NeiRiKe Lead by two football players. Big John Petty and “Swede” Anderson, Sigma Phi Epsilon defeated Lambda Chi Alpha Monday evening, in the final game of their Class “B” basketball race. The Sig Eps* in fact, overwhelmed the Lambda Chis 38 to 9. Ahead 20 to 6 at the half time, the SPE's went on to win hands down. Petty registering 17 {mints. The game was cleanly played, d^pite the wide margin of victory. Only Landers of the winning quintet was forced out via the personal foul route. Dolan Leads Lambda Chi Joe Dolan, Exponent Sports Editor, of the losers played nibst of the" game. Shoemaker and Dolam scored the only field goals for Lambda Chi Alpha, with Dolan adding a free throw for high point man. 'The Sig Eps will challenge Pi Kappa Alpha, winner in the Class “A” division.
0. t.c.
The following is the box score: Sigms Phi EpsUon (38) FG FT PF 1. anders ... 0 0 4 Petty . — .8 i 2 Heckel 3 2 3 Bausman ....... ..2 0 2 Anderson ~ .. 4 0 1 Clark ... .Oil
Totals Lambda Chi Alpha Howard Bancroft Shoemaker Terrill Sauter .. Hestberg Stephan Dolan Gerat Irmscber Gauker Totals .
.17
(9)
Such stars as Don Canhan, high jumper; Bud Piel, sprinter; Charley Decker, pole vaulter and Jack Dobson, half-miler may give the Wolves a surprise win in the University section. The Butler Fieldhouse will be dressed in festive attire and will be even more attractive than our own Fieldhouse. As many as 10,000 track enthusiasts have been in attendance at previous runnings of the relays. Paul (Tony) Hinkle, who announced for the Big Ten Meet will have a great deal to do with the success of the Butler event. Eliminations Probably no moce than 10 Riv-
■i 5
Tastes good...costs little and swell fun to chej that’s DOUBLEMINT GUM gum is always sw while you xe events, ^^INT'S leal-mint
studying, DOUBtEMI^T S
flavor And enjoying 1 ^’"^IroS^ng dady helps brighten smooth cnewny budget. I ' your teeth, too. , drop iu Great to enjoy ^ of DOUBLE-
and buy several paohage
>11NT GUM today.
, -t- ^ 5
{ Vi'
Bottled under authority of The Coca-Cola Company by COCA COU lOTTLING COMPANY
AVa/tcA S'l'Me.cicU.^lK the.
■1SI3.
RYTEX FLIGHT PRINTED STATIONERY ^ 200 SINGLE SHEETS, 100 ENVELOPES
OR
100 DOUBLE SHEETS, 100 ENVELOPES
$
TWENTY AIR AAAIL LABELS INCLUDED WITH EACH BOK Crispy paper . . . invitingly smooth and so tight in Weight that it stdls through the mail for the least possible postage. You can send 5 Double %eet^ or IQ Single ^hwts for only 3c postage regular malt . . . or Qe AJr In four lovely color? of paper . . . Blue, Ivory, &ey or White . . . with printed Envelopes linings in contrasting colors. . . . printed with Hame and Addnss, or Monogram.
*REG. U. S. PAT. OFF.
mt;
,]’■</ ‘ i- /
f 'ti*'’:''m\ *^')v ' .' - '' r,^ < <
’ i, ./
■ i
fiaga ^TiatiaiA
/ Wednesday# March 12# 1041
fiMJidua, £xiiotuudL
Florists Meet (Continued from pa^re 1) / / the annual banquet in the Union. Conference To Close The two-day conference will close tomorrow afternoon. The day’s program includes talks and discussions by Prof. Joe Biebel on the research at the University gardens and greenhouse, Prof. W. T. Miller on greenhouse heating problems, Joseph Steckel of the Agronomy staff on fertilizing problems, and Dr. C. T. Gregory and G. E. Lehker on the application of insecticides and fungicides. The many special exhibits to be displayed by florist supply companies will be placed in the Union. e.w.n. Dairy Students Return From Inspection Tour Twelve dairy manufacturers short course students accompanied by Prof. H. W. Gregory, head of the dairy department, and Prof. R. E. Roberts, in charge of the manufacturer’s short course, returned today from a three day inspection tour of dairy plants and equipment firms in Chicago. The three day program included the study of milk, butter and cream plants. Lectures were given to the group by representatives of the American Butter Institute, the National Dairy Council and the equipment firms. During the trip the group were the guests of Cherry-Burrell Corporation, Creamery Package Manufacturing Company and the DeLaval Separator Company, d.e.b.
Dr. C.D. Hurd To Talk Before Chem Society Dr. Charles D. Hurd, professor of chemistry at Northwestern University, will speak on “Ketenes” before a meeting of the University Section of the American Chemical Society to be held in Room 106 of the Chemistry building at 7:30 o’clock tomorrow night. Dr. Hurd is particularly qualified to speak of this subject as he has conducted extensive research in the field of organic chemistry. He was the editor-in-chief of the Chemical Bulletin and also served on the Chemical Warfare Service during 1918. A graduate of Syracuse University, he has done general research in the organic field and has included as some of his subjects organic nitrogen compounds, ketenes, hydrocarbons, phenolic germicides, and carbohydrates, e.m.s. WAA Elects Nominees At Primary Tomorrow WAA will hold a primary election meeting tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Women’s Gym. All WAA members who are eligible to vote are expected to attend. To be eligible, a member’s dues must be paid and she must have 26 WAA points earned by participation in sports. To date, the candidates for president are Eleanor Harrison and Kathryn Ade, vice-president, Gail Hennis and Bai’bara Ford; treasurer, Jane Blank and Opal Blagrave; secretary, Ruth Walker and Monica Buergler. m.1.1.
National Fovorito for a year at $2J^5
*1.391
ia NotioiMd A>dc Aword Edifimi
How Green Wos My Valley Selected as ilie most satisfying novel of the year by flie BodfcseHess ol Ameriog WE RECOMMEND IT.
«Sif*i
eon^nmrfRBE
the Purdue Exponent
Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A RISK DR LUTHER A RISK DR HAROLD J RISK 4th & Main Sts Phone 5710
DEACS Everything for a College Eifucation
• Hardware
Complete Stuident Supplies SOUTHWORTH'S
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
• Locksmith
Complete Line of / Greeting Cards • University Book Store M. C. "Red" Sammons '29 R, W. "Doc" Epple '40
Keys and Locks Keys for trunks, door locks, desk lom, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repainng. MULHAUPrS aoe-ii Phprnmm
• Dairy Products
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
final Decision On East Indies Fate Due Soon By A. T. Steele SPECIAL RADIO To Chica^ Daily News Foreign Service. CopjTiglif, 1941. Chicago Daily News, Inc. Singapore, March 11.—^The ensuing month probably will determine the fate of the economic conversations painfully dragging on at Batavia between the Netherlands East Indies government and the Japanese delegation. Kenkichi Yoshizawa, chief Japanese delegate, told me in Batavia the other day that the Japanese expect to conclude the talks, one way or another, before the end of/April. He declared that if no agr^ment were reached within a reasonable time, the Japanese mission would return to Tokyo” and no new delegatidn will be sent.” Dutch Take Firm Stand It is plain that the chances for eventual agreement depend entirely on whether Japan is willing to accept a fraction of its original demands. Moreover, the Dutch informed the Japanese that any radical change in the general political background in the Far East, such as a Japanese thrust into southern Indo-China, would almost inevitably result in a breakdown of the Batavia talks. Early Jap Proposals “Jokers” The Japanese proposals, submitted to the Dutch Jan. 16, are full of political implications and therefore are largely unacceptable. The Dutch proposed a counteragenda of a quite different nature and devoid of political jokers. Japs Seek Concessions The two sides at present are discussing the respective agendas in an effort to fix exactly the scope of any possible agreement. Progress is very slow. The general nature of the Japanese demands is well known. Japan wants: 1. Free exploration of the outer
WAA Will Hold Basketball Tournaments Thh Week WAA class basketball teams haVe been chosen from girls who have practiced this semester. The games to determine the winning class will be played today between the juniors and freshmen; Friday between the seniors-sophomores and the juniors, and Monday between the freshmen and senior-sophomores. The members of the freshman team are Miller, Houston, Galbraith, Kahdahl, Patton, Campbell, Rule, Fickle, and Baughman. The senior-sophomore team is Wampler, Westover, Fishleigh, Britton, Ford, Cooper, Hennis, Blank, and Walker. The members of the junior team are Ward, Pidgeon, Blagrave, Kirkhoff, Hohnhouf, Kersey, Buergler, Ade, and Laswell. a.c. islands of the Indies. 2. Acquisition and exploitation of mining and fishing concessions. 3. Development of concessions with Japanese labor. 4. Permission for the entry of greater numbers of Japanese doctors and dentists. 5. Extension of Japanese air lines to the Indies. 6. Revision of the severe exportimport restrictions in the Indies, which are responsible for the curtailment of the flood of Japanese textiles and other cheap goods in recent years.
lurgical building. Permits to take this examination must be obtained before March 16. —SERVI8S. RemoTal ot Conditions in English and Spseeht Examinations will be held in room 101 of the Ideation building Saturday, Maieh M, at 1 n. m. > — CE 41 Stndents With C Or I Grade#: Makeup examination 'will be held on March 16, room 126, Permission to take tile exam must be obtained from me before March 12. —GREVB.
Aeromodelers: Important business meeting, Wednesday, March 12, ot 7:80 p. -m. in room 863.-o£ the Union. Plans, for coming indoor contest to be Alpha Zeta: Meeting, Wednesdw, .^tch 12, at 7:80 p. m. In room 282 of ^ UnionBring money for dttes. —STEWART Sophomore Chem. and Met. Stndents: Date on which sophobore comprehensive exams will be given will be decided by popular vote. Have your vote in at onice oi the head on or before March W, —BRAY.
Removal of Conditions in GB 11 and GB 12: Examinations will be held in room 201, Michael Goldeh shops on Wednesday, March 12, at 6 p. m. —RISING.
Thomas Say Entomoioglcal Society: Meeting Thursday, March 18, at 7:80 p. itt. room 108, Agriculture Hall. Plana will be made for the annual entomology
Surveying (CE 6): Examination for removal of (1 and I grades will be held in room 101, CE building on Saturday afternoon, March 16. Students interested may obtain permits in room 102. ' —LOMMEL.
Tau Beta Pi; Meeting for election of pledges, Thursday, March 13, at 7:30 p. m. in room 308 of the Union. —MONTGOMERY.
GB 16: Descriptive Geothetry make-up examination for removal of “0“ and grades will be held Saturday, March 16, 1 to 4 p. m. in room 808, Civil Engineering
ints must be made by
Distinguished Students: $80 refunds are / now available atthe cashier’s office in the Executive Building. . —^HOLLENSBE.
Building. Arrangemeni
March 14.
-ELROD.
Ail Co-eds: Those Wtlag YWOA cabinet positions for next yesr should send petitions to Hiss Bryant or Mhw Coolidgo before March 19. -BRYANT.
Specisl Merit Scholsrships: Freshmen merit scholarship holders may now h*we deposit refunded by calling at the cashier’s office in the Executive Building. Bring receipt for deposit with you. —HOLLENSBEE.
ME 30 C’s and I's: A make-up final for C and 1 grades received in any division of ME 80 last semester will be given Saturday, March 16, at 1:00 p. m. in room HE 118. Students planning to take the examination please notify me before neon on March 16. —
Debris Freshmen and Sophonionwi Those who have not turned in money and books must do so today at 4 p. m. All others need not report. _ —LANCET.
AU Students: Who ^ire to cancel courses without a grade must"^ so before Saturday noon, March 16. Cancellation cards can be obtained from heads of departments and must be signed by the head of the school and head of the department of the course. The cards must be filed in the registrar’s office. —FISHER.
Christian Student Fellowship: Meeting Thursday, March 18, at 7:80 p. m. in room 807 of the Union. Subject: “The Origin of Life.” All students welcome. —LONG.
Skull and Crescent Actives: The keys have arrived and may be obtained any time at ATO house. —LANIUS.
All Co-eds: Those wanting tickets for the WAA banquet March 20 may get them at the WAA office or at sorority houses. —WESTOVER.
Purdue Players: There will be a meeting of all players Thursday, March 18, at 4:80 p. m. , _ ^ —CARR.
CE 21 Examination: The examination for removal of C a|id I grades in CE 21 will be given from 1 to 4 p. m., Saturday, March 15, in room 310 of the Civil Engineering Building. Please consult me at once. —SONESON.
Prom Committee: Meeting in room 363 of the Union at 3:46 p. m. Wednesday, March 12. Please be prompt. —iWOLFP.
Notices
Purdue Wheelmen: Meeting Wednesday. March 12, at 8 p. m. in room 802 of the Union. It is important that all old members be present. (Old members are those who have gone on rides previous to January, 1941.) No picnic. —VANDERBILT. All Independents: Independents interest, ed in being a Ward Chairman on the FIA Board next year as provided for by the new PIA Constitution must turn in a petition signed by 20 independents to the PIA office by W^nesday, March 12, at 6:00 p. m. Further information is available at the PIA office. —MUSSER.
Co-op Students: SCA educational meeting, Wednesday. March 12, at 7:30 p. m. in the faculty lounge of the Union. —LUMPKIN AIME: Meeting Thursday, March 13, at 7:30 p. m in room 302 of the Chem and Metallurgical building. Professor Servlss will speak. —PHILLIPS
WAA: Mass meeting, Thursday, March 13. All members be present. —WESTOVER
ASME; Deadline for filing 1940-41 membership applications is Saturday noon, March 15. See Miss LaCave in the main office. —PEPPLER
Classified Ads
Typewriten and adding maehinea, new and nsed, for aale, rent and repaired. AY makes «ff portable typewMtiwi. $29.79 to $69Ji9. Offiea supplies. Himsograph and mnltigraph work. C. F. Eberskoil, 606 Main St. Phone, 2779. For Rent: Russ-Rent-A-Car Servies. Can for all occasions. Hln. $9.60 all night. Phono 2407.
AWS Executive Board: Regular meeting Wednesday, March 12, at 7:30 p. m in office. —ZWIERLEIN
Removal of Conditions in Geology: All students who wish to remove C grades of last semester will take make-Up examination March 15, room 6, Chemical and Metal-
To Whom It Concerns: All lost and found articles in Senate office must be claimed by Thursday, March 20, or owners lose right to claim them. —LAWRENCE
Lost: Gold Football with name and Kappa keyhole. Reward. Neff, SAE house.
Lost: Silver signet ring initialed BDS. Finder call Sinish. 6797. Reward.
Lost: Man’s Black Leather BiUfhld. Contains Checks, Cuirreney, Identifications. Phone 76901. Reward.
TNf DAIir BIACKOUT IN raUK HOMtl
Let 1. E.S. Lamps Every
Night falls, darkness comes... and there is nothing ^ caiTdo about it. But inside the home WjCL can put a stop to the daily blackout and bring cheering, healthful light to every corner of every room. Saving money on lights is really the costliest and most dai^ gerous economy of all. The person who believes that one light, with a small bulb, is enough for any room, doesn’t realize that he is needlessly straining the pyesight of his loved ones that may cost a lifetime of headaches, fatigue, dullness... and many dollars in medical bills.
-Saving Light to of Every Room
Let I. E. $. Better Sight Lamps do the job for you. Look for their tag of approval showing thar they have successfully passed the rigid tests of the Illuminating Engineering Society with regard to shade, reflector, base and bulb. Don’t let yours be a one-bulb room and one-room house, but bring the fullest benefit of our better lighting experience to every <;orner of every room.
BV ar* glad to ottdorto **Natioital Sapo Your Vision Weok,"March 9-X and the puiposts which itt tf^utort hope to accomplish.
PU B LI C S E RVICE €0M PANY 0F«1 N DlANA