/.'• ^ ‘ ':'; ‘“t ■/' \:J\ '''\‘ 'I'l ,;: >
« i t ' i
^ /,i, s
Don't forget th^t pep session tomorrow. jRemember last week's affair. '
Good Ittck tbit weekend girls. And for ffie remainder of the school year. /
^ Voliune 52. ]^o. 50
West Laiayette. Indicma
Wednesday. November 6. 1040
Pres. Roosevelt Holds Lead
President Maintains Lead In 38 States; Bemardineumb Willkie Carrying Indiana By 108 Votes
Large Pep Session Tonight Features Bogfire, Speakers
Mascot Will Lead; Galvin ^ ^ , Neff, Anderson To Talk Franklin D. Roosevelt
11
Tonight, at 7:30 o’clock, the Boilermaker squad will be given a royal send-off at a mass pep session, which will start at State and Grant streets. After that grand victory of the Boilermakers gridders last week, the team will be raring to go and hit those Fordham Rams, in New York City, Saturday afternoon. Mascot Will Lead The mascot will lead the parade to Stewart Field, where the Skull and Crescent will have started a large bonfire to furnish light for the pep session. The Reamers, Gimlets, Gold Peppers and the Skull and Crescent are sponsoring the session. Johnny Zuck, senior yell leader, will introduce speakers and lead yells at the mass meeting. Paul Anderson, sophomore halfback; Johnny Galvin, junior halfback, and Bill Neff, senior tackle, will address the crowd, representing the team. Sammy Voinoc, guard coach, and Dutch Fehring, end coach, will also speak. Banners Various campus organizations, fraternities, Cary Halls and co-ops will build banners which will be carried in the parade. It is expected that most of these organisations will have banners in the parade. The team will leave here Thursday afternoon at 3 o’clock. Fordham is one of the top ranking football teams in the East. The team needs the support of the entire indent body and will get it. The Boilermakers are out to win. j.f.z. U S Army Examiners Complete Student Physicals Tod^y The Examining Board of the U. S. Army Corps will complete its session here on the campus this afternoon after examining a number of men who applied for entrance to the U. S. Army Flying Corps. Names of University students who obtained the approval of the Board will be published soon, according to the announcement made by Capt. Friink R. Grunder, president of the Board. The very strict physical examination given to prospective candidates rfequires a great deal of time since practically perfect physique is required for entry. Several University students were among those examined. Motion pictures of the training of Army cadfets v^ere shown in the West Pacdlty Lounge of the Union last night. Oflftcers of the bdard answered any questions concerning tha training course. c.a.s.
f
Music Room Presents Program Tonighl At 7 The Union Music Room will present the second in a series of weekly pii^ograms of recorded classical music this evening from 7 to 8 o’clock. The recordings to.be heard on this program will include; “The Waltz of the' Flowers” by Tschaikowsky; “Orfeo All Inferno,” an overture by Offenbach; “Le Valse” by Ravel; “Romeo and Juliet’’ by Tschaikowsky; “Prince Igor” by Borodin; and “The . Damnation of Faust” by Berlioz. ' /
Henry A. Wallace
Gepharf Announces Picture Deadline For Camera Club Exhibit Deadline for turning in pictures ' for the annual Camera Club Fall Exhibit will be tongiht at 5 p. m. Bill Gephart, president of the club,
announced today.
Entrants may turn in one or more photos, but no more than one prize will be awarded any one contestant. All work, except the development of the negatives must be done by the contestants. Students niust turn in prints to the Student Union office, where they can also get entrance blanks and a complete list of rules
governing the contest.
Three classifications of prints will be exhibited and judged: portrait, landscape and miscellaneous. Prints will go on exhibit next Saturday and contest will end Sunday, No-
vember 17. j.f.z.
V. C: Meredith Club
Meets Tomorrow
V. C. Meredith club, home economics organization, will elect a representative of the club to attend the state home economics convenT tion in Bloomington, November Ifi, at a meeting of the club tomorrow at 4 p. m. in the auditorium of the
home economics building.
After a short business meeting conducted by Agnes McCulloch, club president, Margie Williamson will lead group singing. Mary Ann Carpenter will speak on “Highlights in the Fashidn World,” and Loeb’s will present a current style show featuring dresses for all occasions, Eig]|it girls representing all classes will model them. Everyone is invited to the meeting. m.f.
By J. H. McKee, Jr.
President Roosevelt took an early lead last night as votes from the nation’s precincts began to be tallied. At 2 a. m. this morning the President was leading in 38 out of the 48 states. If he holds these states after the final tally he will amass 424 electoral votes against 98 for Wendell Willkie. This electoral majority would be less than that held by Mr. Roosevelt in either the 1932 or the 1936 election. With nearly 30,000,000 votes tabulated Mr. Roosevelt’s approximately 16,500,000 popular vote against Mr. Willjkie’s approximate 13,250,000 represents a majority of 55 per cent in the popular vote. As the Exponent went to press Mr. Willkie held a 108 vdte majority over the President in Indiana. Three states had completed their precinct tabulation. Connecticut and Rhode Island gave Roosevelt eight and four electoral votes respectively, while Vermont gives again its 11 votes to the Republican candidate. These states did not change their electoral
votes from their 1936 position.
We here print a chronology of election news as we heard it during the evening (in the impossible case you were not listening). 9 p. m.—^Wendell Willkie thinks the result is a “borse race”; that the outcome will not be known till Wednesday. 9 p. m.—Franklin Roosevelt is “satisfied.” 9 p. m.—Kansas City Star, a Willkie booster paper, believes Roosevelt
is elected.
9:15 p. m.—Roosevelt has 66% of tl^e reported vote. 9:30 p. m.—Roosevelt has 57% of the reported vote. 9:45 p. m.—Willkie still unconvinced of the outcome. ^ 10:15 p.f m.—Edward J. Flynn, Democratic national committee, makes
what is practically a “victory” statement.
10:15 p. m.—New York Times, who backed a Republican presidential candidate for the first time in 39 years, concedes a Roosevelt victory. 10:45 p. m.—New York Herald Tribune concedes a Roosevelt victory. 11:00 p. m.—Hyde Park, N. Y., inhabitants call at the Roosevelt home with torchlight pargde to hear the President’s election statement.
11:16 p. m.—^Willkie does not concede defeat.
11:30 p. m.—James A. Parley, former Democratic national committee chairman, says, “As victors we will make no reprisals.” Pleads for na-
tional uhity. Urges all bitterness be forgotten.
11:46 p. m.—Republican vice-presidential candidate Charles McNary,
Oregon, concedes election to Roosevelt-Wallace.
12:00—John L. Lewis, CIO leader, has no comment to make on the
election.
12:20 a. m.—Joseph Martin, Republican national chairman, says, “I am not making any concession.” I 12:30 a. m.—GoV. Herbert Lehman, New York, pleads for union of the nation and organization of resources and forces behind the President. 12:36 a. m.—^Raymond Clapper, Washington correspondent, says that it would dll be over in-an hour. 1:00 a. m.—^Roosevelt has 66% of the vote reported. (Continued on page 4)
Debris Alters Beauty dueen Contest Rules Because Of Criticism Due to criticism of the rules for entry into the Debris beauty contest, complete changes have been made in the rules. The contest has been thrown open to all co-eds without restriction, except those who have previously been beauty queens. Anyone may suggest the names of those to be entered. Tuesday, November 12, at 7 p. m. a preliminary contest will be held in the Union ballroom for the purpose of cutting the entries down to 60 finalists. These finalists will be judged Saturday, November 16, from 7 to 8:30 p. m. byj Earl Carroll. The judges for the preliminary contest are to be: Miss Marion Willoughby of the Home Economics Department; Mr. J. Dietrich, head of Play Shop, and Mr. Hinea of the Hinea Studios, Lafayette. This preliminary contest is not open to the public. Deadline Friday The girls will be judged in street clothes for the preliminary contest and in formals for the final contest. The deadline for entries has been set at 6 p. m. on Friday, November 8. All names must be placed in the Debris box at the west desk before this time. Those names entered under the old rules have been' automatically accepted. j.r.g. Professor Wikel ... of the Department of history, economics, and government spoke to the University Club of Anderson Monday evening at the Anderson Hotel. Professor Wikel’s subject was “Strategic Alaska.” r.r.b.
Tops Frosh Co-eds in Speech Contest Pi Phi's Win Organization Cup For 2ncl Straight Year Bernadine Lamb, independent freshman home economics student of Lafayette, last night won top honors in the thirteenth annual Lodde speech contest for freshmen women by her forceful defense of patriotism in her speech, “The Pilot Light of Our Destiny.” She was awarded an individual loving cup by the Lodde Jewelry Company of Lafayette, sponsors of the contest, who also donated the trophy for the sorority receiving the highest number of points, which was won for the second successive yesClr by Pi Beta Phi. Any organization winning the trophy three years in succession will receive permanent
possession of it.
Second place was awarded to Betty Lou Wallace for her serious discussion of women’s prison reform in “Tehachapi—A New Idea for Social Reform.” The 10 points earned by her speech won the sorority trophy for Pi Beta Phi. “Purdue Is a Man’s Campus,” in a somewhat lighter vein, won third honors for Mabel Vaughn, South Hall. The three other finalists were Betty Wedge, Kappa; Ann Ostrander, Theta, and Mary Jane Dayton, Theta. They were chosen from an elimination contest of over 200 freshman women. Judges of the contest were Mrs. E. C. Elliott, Miss Clare Coolidge, Professor P. E. Lull, and Mr. Fred Goldsmith. Marilyn McKnight, senior co-ed forensic manager, served as chairman and was assisted in the organization of the contest by the following co-ed debate managers, who acted as ushers; Gene Pechin, Janet Kendall, Mary Lee, Frances Estep, Beverly Baker, Mildred Kitley, Elaine Carson, Rose Malcolm, and
Ruth Mae Evans.
The speeches, which were from ten to fifteen minutes in length, were given in the auditorium of the home economics building before a capacity crowd which overflowed the auditorium. m.k.b. Playshop Lab Group Presents Two Plays; Curtain Friday, 8PM The curtain rises at o’clock Friday night on the first laboratory group plays of the school year. These student-produced and directed plays are open to the public. The first play “SMol,” directed by Bin Heath, shows the most important moments in the lives of at least two people and their reactions. “Suppressed Desires,” the second, deals with family fife, the trials and tribulations. Betty Erick is di-
recting it.
An experiment in setting is being tried on these two plays. The atmosphere and set are both important to the action of the first play but the second depends on its lines.
nuj>f<
Military BMl . . . tickets are still available to all students at the ofifice of the University cashier according to the Military Ball committee. The price is the regular Charlie Barnett’s records will be played today by WBAA on the “Meet the Band** program.PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday# November 6, 1940
The Qfh i;;i||nj||ii
We see by the papers that the admmistiation is going to give some of the old western ghost towns a shot in the arm. They’re going to turn them into munitions producing communities. Now that is quite an idea. When the subversive activities boys blow hell out of them it will just be a duplication of the Italian campaign in Egypt. All they get. Is a hole in the desert. * ♦ * Among the towns listed for rehabilitation was. Bloomington. Which sounds perfectly natural. The only one we know. Is sure'H'XJod forsaken hole. * * * Of course it is just possible that we are prejudiced, but we have had a sneaking suspicion for a long time that eveiybody down there was dead. THOUGHT: If all the biains in Bloomington were laid end to end. We could cover them up with a period at the end of this sentence. * * * From the campaign we discovered. Via the radio That Douglas Faiibanks, Jr, considers the United States the last monument to libeity and democracy in the world He’s piobably light And if we’re not careful that’s probably what we will be to demociacy. A motiument. si- * ¥ And from the war we hear that Britain has promised all kinds of aid to Greece Churchill evidently has not been following the papers. Fiom all the reports we have seen.
The Purdue Exponent EJntered aa second class matter at the post office In Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage prorided for In section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922 Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by earner for $3 00 per year, mall subscription $8.60. Editor-in-Chlof - B. W. Donahue Business Manager - Merlo Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor — « J. H. McKee Managing Editor — J) R Heiple Associate Editors: W. E Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J, A Purcell, L. W. Kuffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott. Business Sfaff Local Advertising Managers: D. S Powers, O. 0. Landers , Promotion Manager, C E. Danglemajer; Aecipunts Manager, R. J. Shadford, Circulation Manager, R, M Reektenwald Co-ed Staff Editor _ — Beth Simpson Associate Elditors: Ma^ Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna Siess. " Sports Staff Editor — -J P. Dolan Associate Editors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim. Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5038; Sports 2792 Represented for national advertising by National Adveirtising: Service, Inc., College Publishers Representative*, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N Y Staff For This Issue Night Editor—Kuffner Ass’t Night Editor—Clark Day Editor—Miller Night Sports Ed —^damson Sophomore Staff. J F Amos, J F Zinski C A Stoeckel B W Nordlinger, J L Galloway, K K Bozell, M J Fox, M K Boynton, M Fuller, M L Losey
It looks like Italy could stand a few promises of help. ^ Or at least a couple of Nazi panzar divisions.—d.k.h.
Jjumh^ JjcdL Our American Heritage ... as exercised at the polls by nearly 50 million citizens yesterday has written another page in the history of our democracy. Most phenomenal, it seems it has broken the tradition that no chief executive may succeed himself in office more than once. But although this was a prominent issue before and during the election, it is now a minor point of interest as the country strives to preserve something greater—national unity. Perhaps most significant is the fact that President Roosevelt’s majority, not only in the electoral college but in the popular vote as well, is clear enough to indicate considerable faith in his handling of the American destiny. But it is erroneous to assume that this majority indicates a desire on the part of the voters to see the responsibilities of the present administration remain exactly where they are. The popular vote recorded by Mr. Willkie proves again that the President still has a tremendous task ahead in uniting under his program the business and labor groups which he alienated in pre-election months. The administration cannot continue in its present ways and justify the trust given to it by the voters. If the administration can fulfill this obligation, Wendell Willkie’s campaign will not have been a failure. Last June, Raymond Clapper, veteran Washington observer, wrote, “Mr. Willkie’s nomination would have a tonic effect on the whole country ... he would make a campaign, win or lose, of which the party could be proud .. . could goad the administration out of its Ghamberlainism, and drive it to work . . . could shake the country out of its self-indulgent policies that have enfeebled this democracy as they did England and France.” France could not make up its mind when the twelfth hour came. In its eleventh hour England swapped horses in the middle of the stream, every man from the new “lead horse,” Churchill, down to the last “pack-horse” sailor in the British merchantmarine now doing his duty. Our own democracy decided on the same leader it has had for nearly eight years—a leader under whom the entire country must unite. It is our hope that we may never experience the twelfth hour of France. It must be our solemn vow to burn political literature, bury partisan phrases, and seek the unity under which we can perpetuate a destiny which is more than 150 years old. l.w.a.
Briefs
Mudball dropped m yesterday afternoon with a contribution, as is his custom. After the rigid censorship that Clarence reserves on articles printed in this column, there was nothing left. HdHrever, Mudball made another attempt: hey there clarence im going home and go to bed i will find out m the morning how the election came out both candidates have promised us a utopia and neither one can produce a utopia no matter who is elected mudbaU predicts that tiie national debt will increase and that this country
The Ratio
YWCA Members To Entertain Faculty YWCA members will entertain faculty members, both men and women, at an informal tea in the reception rooms of the Union from 4 to 5:30 p. m. on November 14. Every co-ed expecting to attend should invite her faculty guest and respond to the YWCA office in the Union between 4 and 6 p. m. any afternoon this week. Wilma Wieranga is in charge of arrangements for the tea and urges all members to answer their invitations as soon as possible m.j f.
will get into the war before another presidential election 1 hope the man elected can run a war. —mudball
WBAA WEDNESDAY 11:00—Far East Problems and Contemporary Affair s—Mr. Gordon Enders 12:00—Farm Facts For Farm Folks 12:16—Sjjl^rts Review 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—Monitor Views the News 1-00—Just Relax 1:16—Afternoon Melodies 1:30—Meditations — Rev. 0. S. Steele 1:46—Market Reports 2:00—Elizabeth Enders 2:16—June Eller, pianist 2:30—^The Bookman 2’45—Hymn Echoes, Mrs. Jean Waddell 3:00—Souvenirs 3:16—News of the Week 3.30—Symphony Hall 4-30—Melody Maids 4 45—Stoi^y Book Hour
Notices
No notices teceiyed after 8 p. xn. Owners of Lost Glasses Two pairs of lost glasses have been turned in at Dean Enders office Please come in and identify them —ENDEKS
PIA Salesmen Turn in membership books after 4 p m in the office before Wednesday, November 6 —SOPCAK
Silver Mask Meeting Thursday, Noisember 7, at 7 18 P m in room 303 of the Union All members please be present —PITCHER
NYA’ Checks for period ending October 16 are now available at cashier s office in executive building HOLLENSBEE
3.93 • • • to 1
The story that stands out today concerns Phi Gam prexy. Bud Meyers, and Kappa Maxine King. These two went down to the court house together the other day to get absentee ballots, and as they were standing there together, they were accosted by a little man who, wringing his hands and smiling in a fatherly fashion on them, asked what he could do. Laugh Now Well, knowing what the poor fellow was hoping he could do for them, all Max and Bud could do was to burst out laughing and to weakly tell him that they wanted to vote. The disillusioned fellow stood and glared at them for a minute and walked away with all the dignity he could muster. The Alpha Chis and the Lamba Chis must go around asking for trouble because they sure get enough of it. Just the other day, the Lamba Chi house caught on fire and then just Monday night, they were all awakened by a loud buzz and a blinding flash. Hot Stuff It seems as though two high tension wires broke and really caused another not over in that neighborhood The poor Alpha Chis couldn’t get out, so they took in the excitement from their dorm windows, much to the delight of all the boys, who used the search light on the repair truck to its best advantage. Mrs. Ginn, the Alpha Chi housemother, took a beating, though She was in a downstairs window and the boys just wouldn’t let her alone with their searchlights. She spent most of the time opening and closing the curtains trying to keep out of the glare, so she missed a lot of the excitement. You know, you’d think it was Spring the way pins are flying around. Two more of the boys, namely—Mickey Tierney, the basketball playei, and H. L. Freyn, have taken the fatal step. The girls involved aie Kay Weber and Barbara May respectively. Congratulations and good luck, people.
PEW Riding Class There will be a meeting Tuesday and Thursday afternoons, November B and 7 at 4 o clock in the Women’s gymnasium Lectures will be on types of horses, different styles of riding, tack and bitting Attendance at one of these meetings IS required for credit in the course If for any reason you cannot be present any one of these days, please notify the Women’s gym —CASE
Undergraduate Dames* There will be a meeting for all old members Wednesday evening, November 6, at 7 30 p m in room 307 of the Union —GERSTUNG
Playshop Prize Winners. May collect their prizes by calling at the Playshop office in Fowler Hall between 9 and 12 a m Saturday, November 2, or 9 and 12 and 1 and 6 of any day the following week —CARR
Modern Dance Club: Rehearsal Monday Wednesday and Friday at 4 p m , Thursday at 7 p m —SWOPE
V C Meredith Club Meeting Thursday November 7, at 4 p m for all members —BAILEY
Independent Staff Regular meeting of the staff will be held on Wednesday eve ning, November 6 at 7 16 p m m the PIA office —SELKOWITZ
WSGA Executive Board* Regular meeting Wednesday November 6 at 7 30 p m in the WSGA office —ZWIERLEIN
Personal Living Classes: November 7 meeting of personal living class division E, which meet from 4 to 5 p m will be held in Stanley Coulter Hall, room 211 instead of Fowler Hall This applies only to the November 7 meeting —EASTWOOD
All Male Students Those desiring to fire on the 6th novice pistol group may sign up now in the supply room of the armory •This group will start firing November 18 —BROWN
Mortar Board group picture is
Notice of the Debris a mistake —TERSTEGGB
Senior Military Students * Will the senior military student whose pictures of Fort Knox will be used in the 1940 Debris please call at the Debris office —HAYT
Acquade: Advanced ballet practice for acQUade Thursday, November 7, at 4 p m in the Women’s Gym —CASE
Classified Ads FOR SALE Rnss-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all^casions Min $2 60 all night. Phone, 2407. Typewriters and adding machines, new dnd used, for sale, rent and repaired All makes of portable typewriters, $29 76 to $69 60, Office supplies Mimeograph and mpltigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
For R^nt: Newly furnished Maple Bedroom Private home, single or double Breakfasts Phone 76414 ^
For Rent: Furnished Apartment, 8 rooms, bath Also double room 224 N Salisbury, West Lafayette
Lost: Bottom half Parker pen, name on side-7-Edward Franklinl Reward. Call 760BS
ARC
—LAST TIMES TODAY—
OUR NEIGHBORS -THi CARTERS '■ . MINTEII • FRANK CRAVEN' EDMUND LlflWE ^NEVIEVE TOIIN • fr.#uco#kyCH*IUES r roge«s
PLUS
TiemiowAMinuii
FIRST RUN NEWS *—ALSO —
-THURS. - FRh - SAT.— RETURN OF WILD BILL MERCY PLANE RED RYDER SERIAL
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By LSehty
“All right, the campaign’s over!—NOW will you sew on some real buttons ?”
Tau Beta Pi Pledges Lists of active members and additional materials for pledges can be obtained after Wednesday November 6, from G P Montgomery and F C Goldsmith —GOLDSMITH
Presidents of Student Activities Bring to the Senate office in the Union (loom 360) a copy of your activity constitution before Satuiday November 9 These are to be compiled in book form for later reference —ELLEY
Pan-Hellenic Council Meeting in room 303 of the Union Wednesday November 6 at 4 p m —LiANG
POMM * Meeting of all actives and pledges Thursday afternoon, Nov 7 in the Armory at 4 p m Maybe refreshments —McCAMMON
YWCA Cabinet Meeting in YWCA of fice Thursday November 7 at 4 p m —BRYANT
Yell Leaders Yell practice Wednesday November 6 and Friday November 8 at 4 p m in the stadium —ZUCK
Military Ball Committee Meeting Thursday Novembei 7, at 4 p m in room 202 of Armory Bring sabers —AULL
Starts Tomorrow—2 HITS
LAST DAY—2 HITS . . JOAN BENNETT — IN — "The Man I Married" — ALSO — )ANE WITHERS — IN — "Girl From Avenue A"
Starts TOMORROW
JOEL NIcCREA Laralne Day —*5 lY AiBtanioKoot « mwai iwu UHna AWW!
Horticultural Society Theie will be a meeting in room 117 of the Hort Bldg , Wednesday November 6 at 7 p m Please note the change of time —RESNER
Christian Student Fellowship Meeting Thursday November 7 at 7 30 p m in room 307 of the Union Visitors are welcome —LONG
Newman Club All club members who have not settled for their Barnyard Frolic tickets please meet in lOom 402 of the Union Thursday Novembei 7 at 4 15 p m There will be a legular meeting of the officeis at the same time in the same room —JANSING
Zouaves All active members of the Zouave squad who wish to participate in a drill November 23 please report to the Armory Thursday Novembei 7 —GIBSON
LAST TIMES TODAY A FIRST RUN HIT
Htr passion betrayed her to kill her only chance at happmestl
CAROLE Lombard CHARLES Laughtom in an RKO Radio SHctun ;'THEY KNEW WHAT THEY WANTED’’ with William Gaiyaii Hany Carey FnnfcFay
STARTS TOMORROW Double Feature "AN ANGEL FROM TEXAS" with Wayne Morris - Rosemary Lane PLUS "TEAR GAS SQUAD" with Dennis Morgan - John Payne
TOMORROW - FRIDAY GLORIA JEAN . HUGH HERBERT STUART ERWIN NAN GREY , — in — 1 "A Little Bit of Heaven"
V y.
Ahr
x
£xpomni SpoJdA fia^ Boilermaker Harriers Play Host For State Cross Country Meet On Saturday ^ Breaking precedents in more ways than one, 87 harriers are scheduled to take to the Riveter cross-country course this Saturday at 10:30 a. m. in what should prove to be a most interesting meet. Thus fai* nine schools: Notre Dame, Indiana, Wabash, Butler, DePauw, Earlham, Indiana Central, Manchester and Purdue have entered teams. Largest Ever Held ' — - '
Wednesday, November 6, 1940
Boilermakers Face Rams In Manhattan Saturday
As far as Boilermaker track mentor Phillips knows, Saturday’s meet is to be the largest college meet of its kind ever run on Hoosier soil. Two separate meets, the Big State and Little State, are to be run simultaneously. All squads except Indiana’s, Notre Dame’s and the Boilermaker’s are eligible for Little State honors while any of the squads that do not have freshmen among their members may enter the Big State meet. Many of the state’s top runners will be among those on the starting line Saturday morning. Kane, Tolliver, and Hedges all of whom are considered to be very near tops in their profession, will represent the Cream and Crimson team from Bloomington. Mitchel, a sophomore from Wabash, and as yet undefeated this year, is to be here from the downstate metropolis. Holderman Runs Holderman, the Boilermaker track captain, will of course also run Saturday. As yet Holderman has to lose his first racb of the year. Although the Indiana squad came out on the winning end of the score when it met Riveter team earlier this year. Captain Holderman succeeded in finishing in first place. Although no Big State meet was held last year, the Indiana team holds the title of champion in this division since they were victors two years ago. Indiana Central is the defending champion in the Little State division, although no informa-
tion is at hand from which predictions about results of Saturday's run can be made. Movies are to be taken at the finish so that no disputes should arise over neck and neck finishes. With so many runners on the field at one time officials will probably have more than a little trouble keeping everything in proper order. In order to spread the runners out somewhat, two laps around the track in the stadium will be run before the contestants get out on the grinding three and one-half mile trek over the new golf course, d.w.m. Philatelic Society ... of Lafayette will hold their bi-weekly meeting tonight in room 304 in the Union at 7:16 o’clock. The club is composed of students and townspeople, e.w.n. Schedules TOUCHBALL. Wednesday, November 6
Field
1 Cary Hbll 1 vs. Cary Hall 8.
Speidel.
2 Cary Hall 14 vs. Cary Hall
Richman.
3 Cary Hall 11 vs. Cary Hall McCax'thy. 4 Cary Hall 9 vs. Cary Hall
Kutz.
6 Cary Hall 12 vs. Cary Hall Papurca. 6 Cary Hall 10 vs. Cary Hall 13. Bernhard. 7 Cary Hall 6 vs. Cary Hall 3.
Agler.
8 Ward 30 vs. Ward 27. Captain. 9 Ward 2 vs. Ward 24. Schriber. 10 Ward 22 vs. Ward 29.
Shaw.
11 Ward 3 vs. Ward 11.
Adams.
Ward 33 vs. Ward 28. I
7.
5.
12
City Meat and Poultry
220 N. SrcivStreet
Phone 5372
lore Fun Out of Ufe ; Chew OeUclous ILEMINT BUM DailV I youl O'®*POPBIXMW GUM elvetysmooto^ ^ '“W a^itotoevexythi»UVOudocesbed. • • ® . inexpensive tieat wing Ibis .. aidsyoui digesiweeten your re attractive. bealtMul. delicious it yourseii dauy [T GUM.
An Irishmans Illusions
By Joseph Patrick Dolan Looking over a few of the letters that jam a sport editor’s mail box each day, some encouraging, some otherwise, and some press agent’s duties, we find that Purdue is 25 seconds out of first place in the conference. Boy, if that isn’t something to swallow—especially when the “experts” pick you to finish at the bottom of the heap. I still say Purdue is going to shock the hell out of a lot of people before the Indiana game. —I-I— Looking at the conie'rence statistics, we come upon a startling •—but factual—discovery. The great Tom Harmon, of Michigan, isn’t even in the running for individual scoring honors. Seems queer, doesn’t it? Yet, all of Harmon’s scoring sprees have been against Michigan State, Eastern schools, and other non-conference outfits, including California. , —I-I— Sonny Franck, Minnesota’s ethyl- ' propelled speedster, is tied for the conference scoring lead with Green, Iowa’s successor to Kinnick. Both have amassed 24 points. Franck, incidentally, used to play with Dave Rankin, Boilermaker leader, when the two were kids out in a little Iowa village. —I-I— John Petty, Purdue’s All-Amer-ican nomination for a fullback post, is second in conference scoring with 19 points. I sometimes wonder if Piepul, of Notre Dame, and Kimbrough, Texas Christian, have anything over Petty. People don’t realize the versatility of Petty until they’ve seen him in practice. He runs ends faster than most halfbacks, hits a line with force comparable to John Drake’s old plunges, tackles like fly-paper, passes when he must, and accurately, too, and he can pull passes out of the ozone with the best on the squad. And besides, he has been calling the plays for the squad during the last couple of games. And*'
lntrai^ra{ Sports Ward Basketball All Ward Basketball entry blanks must be sent in by Friday, November 8. Practice schedules have been arranged, and attention is called to the fact that officials will not be supplied. Actual playing will start on Monday, November 18. Any ward may enter as many teams at is desires, but no men playing in the “A” league will be eligible for competition in the “B” league. .Rifle Club Anyone interested in rifle shooting is urged to attend the Rifle Club meeting in room 104 of the Pieldhouse. The meeting will be held tonight at 7:30. Ward Managers Ward Managers will meet in room 104 of the Fieldhouse at 7:30 on Wednesday, November 6. All ward managers are expected to be there.
you’ve seen him punt. Must I say more? Why, he kicks extra points with amazing accuracy, does the team’s kick-offs, and blocks so darn hard that he almost reminds one of Ted Hennis. -1-1— So there you are, fans, the perfect football player; John Petty, of Lebanon, Pa. Purdue has a lot of backs, but never has the Gold and Black uniform been drapped around the shoulders of a back like Mr. Petty. —I-I— Yes, we’ve had Ralph “Pest” Welch, Texas Tornado of the ’29 champion eleven; Cotton Wilcox, ’27 phenomenon; Duane Purvis, classiest of them all; Roy Horstman, allAmerican fullback thunderbolt of the early ’30’s; and Paul Moss, sticky fingered end with Horstman, but none of them could do the many things Petty can do and do them as well. , —I-I— Certainly, they all excelled Petty on one or two arts of the gridiron, but none can touch his versatility. We’ll not go into the gifts of Elmer Oliphant, four letterman of yesteryear. As a matter of fact, I think I’ll interview this guy Petty and run off his life story for another issue.
U/CIBN ULONC LIPSTICKS IN A LEATHER KIT
TIC
• Three of Lucien Lelong’s best fidl colors. A college course iu lipsticks, in a convenient leather kit—easy to stow away. Have the right lipstick always. Win top honors on campus aud everywhere else! Block Tulip... dark and daring, bound to make ^hJm forget the gals he left bdind. Poker Chip .. i a bright red, fall of come-hitfaer to work magic on your dampns he-roes! DIanthuM . .. bom to stagger the stag line ... wear it with that swishing formal you tenderly packed in tissue. T/fi Toe To*, compute ’with * ■ 3 Ispstffks amt Uath«r kit ^ | DECKER’S
518-20 Main St.
Phona 5036
-Or
The Numbers RacketIt's All In The Figures On paper, strictly speaking, Jim Crowley’s Battering Rams have a slight edge over the Boilermakers in the inter-sectional game Saturday. The Fordham team is said to be the best that the Ram mentor has had in the eight years he has been in the Bronx. The team is known as the nine old men and the two sophomores, referring to the experience of the team personnel.
The teams’
below:
statistics are given
1940 Record
FORDHAM
0pp.
Eshmont, Blumenstock, Fitipowicz, Noble Coibprise Scrappy Fordham Backfield Assisted by the arrival ^ real football weather, the Riveter grid combine yesterday afternoon whipped through a fast, snappy practice session to the gratification of the coaching staff. Everywhere in the encampment is evidenced the invincible spirit which carried the Old Gold and Black warriors to a surge of victory last Saturday over Iowa’s Hawkeyes. A hard driving wind did little to dfssipate the cheers of enthusiasm that reverberated across the practice field. ' ' ' Byelene May Return
Another cheerful note was supplied to the morale of the squad when it was learned that little Mike Byelene may return to action soon. However, despite Byelene’s status, Elward has indicated that he will depend on virtually the starting group which was so effective against Wisconsin and Iowa. Four capable halfbacks, Tony Berto, Paul Anderson, Red Carter, and John Galvin will once again form the nucleus of the strategy Mai is planning for Fordham and the New York City invasion. With Bob Kersey’s name being re-installed on the active list, and “Rocky” Snyder’s impressive work in the Hawk game, “Tex” Smerke is being hard pressed for the starting post at the quarter-
back slot.
Rose Hill To Rose Bowl? A closely waged battle is certain to be in the oflBng, for the Crowleycoached backs are well versed in aU of the tricks that a first rate ballcarrier must have at his command. Sleepy Jim can boast of Jim Blumenstock and Len Eshmont, the Rapid Ram, as two of the foremost climax runners in the land. Only St. Mary’s has out-maneuvered the quartet of Rose Hill speedsters which average 189 pounds per man, two more than the Boilermakers. The Maroon line also has a weight advantage of 196
pounds to 190.
Two established stars, John Kuzman and Captain Lou DeFilippo, are the veteran mainstays of the op-
How The Teams Stack Up posing forward wall and will prob-
ably roam over the expanses of the Polo Grounds Saturday afternoon as the main threat to a conquest by Captain Dave Rankin and his mates.
Miller Looses Tooth
Guard Jim Miller suffered a mild accident in the drill of last evening, when he lost a tooth in a collision with another m"ember of the squad. The lads will conclude preparation for this,* the “rubber” game of the series with the Easterners, with a light workout tomorrow and will entrain for Manhattan at 3:00 p. m. Thursday afternoon. Pre-game headquarters will be established at The Westchester Country Club, Rye,
N.Y. o.t.c. /
Games
Pts.
Pts.
West Virginia
.. 20
7
Tulane
.. 20
0
Pittsburgh
.. 20
0
St. Mary’s
.. 6
9
North Carolina
.. 14
0
—
—
Totals
PURDUE
.. 84
28
0pp.
Games
Pts.
Pts.
Butler
.. 28
0
Ohio State
. 14
17
Michigan State
. 7
20
Wisconsin
.. 14
13
Iowa
.. 21
6
—
—
Totals
.. 84
56
FORDHAM
Line averages 196 pounds. Backfield averages 176 pounds. Whole team averages 187 pounds.
PURDUE
Line averages 190 pounds. Backfield averages 182 pounds. Whole team averages 187 founds.
d.e.b.
miilrf . Fraternity Bowling
STANDINGS
Bracket A
Phi Kappa Sipma. Delta Tau Delta Phi Delta Theta Alpha Gamma Rho Triangle Phi Kappa Tau Pi Kappa Alpha . Tau Kappa Epsilon ... ..... Sigma Nu Theta Chi
Bracket B
Phi Kappa Psi Beta Sigma Psi Delta Upsilon
Won Lost
Alpha Tau Omega. 4
Theta Xi
Acacia Phi Gamma Delta Alpha Sigma Phi Beta Theta Pi Phi Sigma Kappa
HIGH INDIVIDUAL SERIES Heck, Phi Sigma Kappa Rogers, Alpha Tau Omega . .
HIGH TEAM SERIES Delta Tau Delta Alpha Tau Omega
565 643
2509 .2442
HIGH INDIVIDUAL GAME Barnes, Delta Upsilon Rogers, Alpha Tau Omega ..
26S 221
BIATCHES TONIGHT Bracket A—8:45 p. m. Pi Kapim Alpha vs. Phi Kappa Sigma. Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Triangle. Delta Tau Delta vs. Sigma Nu. Phi Delta Theta vs. Theta Chi. Tau Kappa Epsilon vs. Phi Kappa Tau. Bracket B—6:30 p. m. Alpha Tau Omega vs. Phi Kappa Psi. Phi Gamma Delta vs. Acacia. Delta Upsilon vs. Phi Sigma Kappa. Theta Xi vs. Beta Theta Pi. Alpha Sigma Phi vs. Beta Sigma Psi.
Be Your Beautiful BestI For the MILITARY BALL
Festive occasions demand that you look your best, and the' expert beauty treatment avaibable in our salon Insured personal loveliness. All of our beauty operators are skilled experts^ schooled in the most recent beauty techniques. CALL 7901 Loeb’s Beauty Salon‘;r; ‘.S';: ;
S," ' ‘ . ■
PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, November 6,. 1940
(x^a&kingJton TUiwa Hart on Capitol Hill By C. J. Hart « Franklin Delano Roosevelt, experiencing for the second time the mandate of a free people returning him to the Presidency, must be appalled. He has powers undreamed of by any other man in the history of this nation. Further, he has the sanction of the majority of the people that tells him they believe in him, believe in his ability to carry out the will of the whole nation, believe in the integrity which will cause him to give back to the people the power he has been given by the people when they ask him. Probably more lonesome than Hitler or Stalin, Mussolini or Franco is a man whom the people of the United States elected yesterday to guide them for the next four years. Even in ordinary years, there is something awesome about that job. Living in the White House is a guarantee that one’s personal life ceases —that the eyes of the world are glued fast upon that mansion from which the destiny of the 130,000,000 Americans is directed. In this era, all of this is doubly, triply true. The man who is President has within his power the wealth, health, and liberty of 130,000,000 energetic, crazy, intelligent, forceful individuals. Peace and war must inevitably lie within the realm of his jurisdiction. President Roosevelt has a tough job. In a state department “poll” made up of crack New York correspondents, eleven reporters picked Roosevelt. The dissenting vote gave Willkie a landslide vote.
Youth Discussions WS6A Meets Today Open Rural Forum For Discussion Of For Four Day Meet Plans And Programs
First event on the opening program of the national rural forum, sponsored by the American Country Life Association, and opening today for a four-day period, will be a meeting of the association’s Youth Section. The annual meeting of the National Home Demonstration Council is scheduled for later in the day, to be followed by a meeting of the National Master Farm Homemakers’ Guild. Registration Thursday Official registration for the forum, whose theme is “Building Rural Communities,” will be deferred until Thursday morning at 8 o’clock. The registration and the majority of the meetings of each sessjon will be held in the Union building. Thursday’s program will be that arranged by the Christian Rural Fellowship, in cooperation with the Indiana Rural Life Council. At 8 p. m., Murray D. Lincoln, of the Ohio Farm Bureau, will preside at the opening general session. Those attending the forum will be welcomed at this meeting by President E. C. Elliott. Friday’s program will be a varied one, consisting of discussions of rural youth, rural entertainment, land use planning and community work methods. One of the highlights of the forum will be the annual ACLA banquet Thursday night. Mrs. Raymond Sayre, Association president, will be toastmistress. Rural elementary and high school education discussions will occupy Saturday morning’s session. The roles played by musidj art and books in the rural schools will be discussed Saturday afternoon, A social hour at 4 p. m. will conclude the many events listed on the official forum program, w.e.h.
Mass meeting of all co-eds, to be held by WSGA today in west Faculty Lounge, is called to discuss some new plans for WSGA and its coming programs. Joyce Burnham will talk on the Vocational Conference here November 12 and 13, giving the benefits of the conference and the type of speeches. Since Golddiggers is this Friday night and it is the first WSGA dance of the school year, Pat Frigge and Jim Murphy will give a three scene skit of a typical Golddigger date. A revision of the constitution will also be read and voted upon. m.j.f. Delta Rho Kappa . . . science honorary for distinguished students, initiated on Monday, November 4, J. A. Bierlein, Opal Blagrave, George Bunton, Florence Justin, Arthur Karler, / Douglas McDaniels, Mildred Owens, E. W. Peterson, Chester F. Riegle, C. J, Strickler, J. W. Whitney, and J. M. Cohen. ' At the banquet following the initiation President Elliott addressed the group and Professor Hadley spoke on “The Art of Living.” Dean Enders of the Science School introduced Prof. Hazard of the Math Department, Prof. Estey representing the Economic and History Departments, Prof. Abbott of the Physics Department, Prof, Hass of the Chemistry Department, and Prof. Cattell from the Modern Languages Department. During the meeting the initiates and members introduced themselves and told what option they had chosen. President John W. Oswalt presided over the meeting, j.r.g.
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Suplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK ' 4th & Haln St. Phone 5701
DEAC'S Everything for a College Education
• Dairy Products
University Book Store Across form the Union Next to the College Inn M. C. "Red" Sammons '29 R. W. "Doc" Epple '40 \
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46ZH
• Locksmith
• Hardware
KEYS and LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phono 2828
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
Roosevelt Holds (Continued from page 1) • Roosevelt Willkie Alabama (11) .... 140,000 ;2l,000 Arizona (3) 42,000 22,000 Arkansas (9) .... 52,000 12,000 California (22)..1,000,000 721,000 Colorado (6) 67,000 42,000 Connecticut (8).. 417,800 361,800 Delaware (3) 33,000 25,000 Florida (7) 208,000 97,000 Georgia (iS) 196,000 24,000 Idaho (4) 26,000 22,000 Illinois (29) 1,237,000 1,069,000 Indiana (14) 676,000 676,800 Iowa (11) 288,000 299,000 Kansas (9) 169,000 218,000 Kentucky (11).... 302,000 196,000 Louisiana (10) .. 137,000 22,000 Maine (5) 164,000 163,700 Maryland (8) .... 263,400 167,000 Mass. (17) 604,100 431,400 Michigan (19).... 186,000 247,900 Minnesota (11).. 289,600 247,300 Mississippi (9).. 163,000 3,200 Missouri (16) .... 439,100 392,800 Montana (4) 46,900 33,800 Nebraska (7) .... 74,800 114,400 Nevada (3) 12,000 8,300 N. H. (4) 90,400 84,400 New Jersey (16) 306,200 379,600 New Mexico (3) 37,900 24,900 New York (47)..3,082,000 2,817,000 N. Carolina (13) 505,000 62,000 N. Dakota (4) .... 23,000 26,000 Ohio (25) 1,464,100 1,369,700 Oklahoma (11).. 337,000 229,700 Oregon (5) 76,100 73,800 Penn. (36) 1,808,200 1,574,900 Rhode Island (4) 181,800 138,400 S. Carolina (8).. 81,000 12,000 S. Dakota (4).... 46,000 64,000 Tennessee (11) .. 233,600 106,000 Texas (23) 290,600 62,400 Utah (4) 34,000 20,600 Vermont (3) .... 64,200 73,400 Virginia (11) .... 223,300 103,100 Washington (8) 90,000 74,700 W. Virginia (8).. 160,800 116,200 Wisconsin (12) .. 391,500 325,000 Wyoming (3) .... 13,100 12,300 juniors May Obtain I. U. Reserved Seats Today Juniors may exchange coupons for reserved seats at the Indiana game today and tomorrow. Sophomore tickets will be exchanged Monday and Tuesday of next week, and freshman tickets Wednesday and Thursday of next week. Students Wishing to sit outside the regular student section may do so upon payment of the federal tax. r.r.b. , ( (
"1
n
J
J
J
ti
adore these LorrAih^ SLIPS
made for the petite figure
ilored four goro lip. Fine quality woven rayon fabric. Shadow panel
Sre top slip in the (tunning new chevron knit fabric won't run tub( eaiily needs no Ironing.
THIEME & WANGERIN CO. 622-626 Main St. Lafayeftci, Ind.
Co-eds Turn Tables On 'OAOs' In Preparing For Golddiggers
Here’s your chance, co-,feds, to turn the tables on that OAO (One And Only, or One Among Others). With Golddiggers Ball coming up this Friday night, you can call for your date late, go where you want to, take him home early, and call him up the next morning and blow about what a good time you had after you took him home. Seriously though, the dance will be fun and the crazier the exaggerations, the better. WSGA, sponsor of the dance, is even offering a prize to the co-ed giving her date the best corsage. “Best” in this case means the cleverest and most original. Again this year an eligible bachelor contest will be held, the ballots being on the end of the stub. The dance will be semi-formal, co-eds wearing long dresses and the eds dressing in business suits. Tickets for the dance are available in all organized houses, co-op houses, residence halls and at the west desk in the Un-ion. Take your date to Golddiggers and dance him to the music of Dick Cisne’s orchestra while you keep the reins in your hands, m.j.f.
Botany Staff . . . will meet tonight at 7:30 in room 303 of the Union according to Dr. R. M. Caldwell, head of the University Botany Department. Dr. K. L. Roberts is to be the principal speaker. His topic of discussion will be “The Hormone Concept in Plants.” m.1.1.
25 Frosh Given First News Writing Lesson By Exponent Editors First of three meetings scheduled for this week for Freshmen Exponent workers was held yesterday afternoon in the office of the paper. About 26 co-eds and men attended the school which was conducted by the junior editors. The two principal topics discussed were news story writing and headline writing. The same topics are scheduled for this afternoon and tomorrow afternoon at 4^ o’clock so those who attendeii yesterday need not come on these days. If possible a worker should attend the school on the night he is assigned. Any person who did not come for the call-out last week may attend one of these meetings and sign up at that time according to Dan Heiple, managing editor. The schedule for today follows: Eds: James Petty, Carmen Thomas, Edwin Franklin, Walter Butz, Morris Miller, Donald Schwarm, Ralph Bozell, Robert Rupkey and Art Hunter. Co-eds: Anne Garland, June Schwope, Evelyn Blair, Catherine Leuty, Priscilla Carr, Laura Brewer, Henrietta Davis, Emily Caster, Ardath Pranthner, and Mary Carol Antenin. j.f.a.
Students Will Plan HortShaw Tonight At Special Meeting A special session for all horticultural students will be held tonight at 7 o’clock in the Horticultural Building assembly room. Plans, for the horticultural show opening Friday for three days on the south campus, will be finished at this special meeting. Outstanding\ specimens of vegetables and fruits were received yesterday from Indiana growers. The high school and 4-H club exhibits are expected to arrive today. As these fruits and vegetables arrive R. H. Brewster and his sign committee will compose appropriate signs so each visitor to the show will be well informed of these hybrid plants. Soilless Culture R. V. Shaw, chairman for the special exhibits committee, announced yesterday some of the students’ exhibits. An interesting display will present the new ideas in nutrient or soilless culture for growing vegetables. G. R, Boyd is arranging an exhibit showing control of various light intensities on plant growth. The entomology department is setting up a pollination display for furthering new plant species. Other student exhibits include vegetable, soybeans, the use of common materials for miniature ornaments and cider processing. “Every University student can enter an exhibit and become a winner of a useful prize,” Mr. Shaw said, “by reading the simple rules in the free show catalog.” e.w.n.
HATS Beautifully Cleaned and Reblocked I It’s nice to know you can send your felt hats to Crown with perfect confidence. Special equipment for reblocking and reshaping. .
r I « E CtCAtlERS or fine cl O T H E f
COMPLETE WITH BULB
The lES tag it carries is proof that it's easy on the eyes it certifies that this study lamp has been approved by the Illuminating Engineering Society. It's just as easy to LOOK AT as to see with, too. Purdue's Black and Gold seal and letter are mounted on its fine parchment shade; an antique bronze standard harmonizes perfectly. The quantity is'limited—'Stop in at our store and get your larnp now.
* ■ I I -li
PUBLIC SERVICE compflnv OF UlDIRnfl