T
I
I
■
r 4-^ '
/ 0^ \
Women and Defense Still in the News. There should be a tie-up there some place.
JOw/^ Smc^
'Eveiythinf but Onione* Will hef|r faugh down that Thanksgrring din--ner. Tickets at Union West Desk.
Volume 52, No. 56
West Lcdoyette, Indiana
Wednesday. November 13, 1940
Engineers Needed In National Defense
CHICAGO, Nov. 12—“The success of the National defense program is mainly dependent upon the engineer,” declared Dean A. A. Potter, Monday evening* in Chicago at the meeting of the engineering section of the American Land Grant College Association as he 'spoke on “The Place of the Engineering Colleges in the National Defense Program.” Dean Potter has been serving since last June as consultant to the federal government on engineering training for speeding up the defense program. Government Employs Engineers Pointing toward the wider use of trained engineers in various functions of national, state, and local government, he declared there was great need for more men trained in this field not only now but in future years because of the tendency to Tise men trained for specific fields of work. “Our government is becoming the largest employer of engineers,” said Dr. Potter. After describing the steps re--quired to speed up the training of men to serve in the different defense fields of today, he pointed out that engineering schools must continue to train on the university standards rather than merely give Intensive training in trade courses which can readily be given by trade and vocational schools. Faculty Attends There were several otheis from the University who attended the meeting yesterday, including Dean H. J. Reed of the school of agriculture who spoke tm research work, and Associate Dean V. C. Freeman who told of scholarships for agricultural freshmen. Dean R. G. Dukes of the graduate school lead a discussion on the work of the graduate student in the Engineering Experiment Station. Others who attended from the University were Dean Mary L. Matthews, Prof. Leila Gaddis, Associate Director of Extension T. A. Coleman, Associate County Agent Leader L. E. Hoffman, and 'Associate Director of the Experiment Station W. V. Lambert. w.m.c.
Midwesf Fraternity Meet At Columbus, Ohio Chooses Purdue For 1941 Condave
At a meeting of the Regional Interfraternity Conference in Columbus, Ohio, last week-end, Purdue was chosen as the site for the 1941 conference to be held next fall. The conference consisted of 150 representatives from the states of Ohio, Illinois, West Virginia, Michigan, Kentucky, Indiana. Donald Douglass, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, who is president of the Interfratemity Presidents’ Council on campus represented Purdue at the conference, and will act as general chairman of the conference here next fall. Friday afternoon Douglass spoke on “Fraternity and Dormitory Relationship.” 1,300 men were present at the closing banquet on Friday evening, November 8, every fraternity at Ohio State having sent its entire chapter to attend the gathering, n.z.
Student Directories
Copies of the Directory are being distributed from the office,of the editor to the University offices and to members of the staff who are not enrolled as graduate students. A graduate student may obtain one copy at the Registrar’s office upon presentation of his passport (or schedule card if he has no passport). As long as the supply lasts, each undergraduate student may pbtain one copy at the Registrar’s office upon presentation of his passport. Ralph B. Stone, Registrar
Behre Will Discuss Mineral Resources
Says Dean A. Potter
Dean Sarah Blanding, U. Of Kentucky, Addresses Co-ed Vocational Conference At Defense Lecture
Famed Aviairix Will Speak This Afternoon At 3 O'clock
Margaret Richey
Judith Waller
IR. Withrow Will Address
AChS Meeting
Dr. James R. Withrow, chairman of the department of chemical engineering, Ohio State university, is the scheduled speaker before the local section of the American Chemical Society tonight at 7:30 p. m., in room 211', Stanley Coulter Hall
His talk is intended to shed some
light on the nature and uses of the many new chemical fibres that are on the market today, especially rayon, nylofi, vinym, and spun fibrous glass. Dr. Withrow has served th6 state of Ohio as consulting engineer and has been since 1917 a consulting chemical engineer for the U. S. Bureau of Mines. In 1936 he was the U. S, delegate to and the presiding officei of the International Congress of Chemistry in London. At 6:00 p. m., there will be a dinner in his honor in the Chestnut room, each person being free to order his own meal from the menus provided. Professor L. F. Fesser of Harvard is expected to be guest speaker at ' the December 11 meeting of the section. r.r.r.
J. F. Bray To Discuss Synthetic Materiais
Professor J. F. Bray, head of the School of Chemical and Metallurgical Engineering, will discuss “Synthetic Materials and Their Relation to Industry and Defense” before the 61st annual meeting of all Indiana engineers, to be held Friday and Saturday, in Fort Wayne. William A. Hanley, ME ’ll, Director of Engineering of the Eli Lilly Company, Indianapolis, will give one of the highlight speeches of the meeting on his recent engineering experiences in war-torn Europe. M. R. Keefe, CE ’02, chief engineer of the Indiana Stpte Highway Commission, will lead a discussion on superhighways in Indiana. r.w.l.
Religious Council
. .. will hear Rabbi Meyer Simon on the “Meaning of Judahism” at 7:30 tonight in Room 68 of the Untion. j.f.Zi.
“College girls are comparable to jugglers,” said Sarah G. Blanding, dean of women, University of Kentucky, in her opening speech of the Vocational Conference last night in Fowler Hall She spoke to a group of about five hundred people including co-eds, university o. .cials, house mothers and representatives from various other colleges. In comparing the co-ed with the juggler she said that the college girl’s life is divided into seven parts or seven balls. They are scholarship, extra-curricular activities, love life, health, training for employment, citizenship and philosophy. She felt that the first three didn’t need dwelling upon, but a
Vocational Conference Program
Carboy Studio . . . formerly of Purdue, who is now in the Advertising Department, Sears, Roebuck and Company, Chicago, will speak on “Advertising” at a discussion group, this morning at 11 o’clock, in room 363 of the Union
DISCUSSION GROUPS 8:15 a. m.—Commercial Home Economics, West Faculty Lounge; Designing, Women's Lounge; Personnel Work in Education, Reception Room; Retailing, East Faculty Lounge; Science, Room 355; Women's Part in National Defense, Room 363. 9:45 a. m.—Business and Industry, Reception Room; Department Store Buying, East Faculty Lounge; Institution Management, Dietetics, Women's Lounge; Teaching, Room 363; Volunteer Community Service, Room 355; Writing, West Faculty Lounge. 11:00 a. m.—Advertising, Room 363; Commercial Home Economics, Reception Room; Commercial Photography, West Faculty Lounge; Government Service, Women's Lounge; Recreation, Room 355; Radio, East Faculty Lounge. 1:15 p. m.—Department Store Buying, Room 355; Designing, Reception Room; Homemaking as a Profession, West Faculty Lounge; Institutional Management, Dietetics, Room 363; Interior Decorating, East Faculty Ldunge; Social Service, Women's Lounge. 3:00 p. m.—General Session, South Ballroom. 4:00 p. m.—Informal Social Hour, Reception Room
co-ed should think seriously of her health, training, citizenship and philosophy. The co-eds should learn to manipulate all seven balls at once and not part of them. At the general session to be held in the south ballroom at three o’clock today, at which President Elliott and Miss Jacqueline Cochran, aviatrix and business woman, will be the principal speakers, has been open to men as well as co-eds. Paula Zwierlein, President of WSGA, introduced the ^speakers of the even^pg who included Irene Peldt7 placement service head. Dean Stratton, and Joyce Burnham, who was in charge of the plans for the conference. ^ (Continued on page 2)
YWCA Will Sponsor Hobson Will Speak
Student-Faculty Tea To AIEE At Meeting
A student-faculty tea, sponsored by YWCA will replace the annual student - faculty picnic The tea which IS planned to help promote better student-faculty relations will be held from 4:30 to 6:30 p. m. tomorrow in the reception rooms of the Union. Miss Clare Coolidge, faculty advisor of YWCA, and several members of the advisory board will attend. Ruth Bryant, president of YWCA, and Wilma Weiranga, social chairman, are in charge of the arrangements for the tea. All members are asked to bring a faculty guest; members who are not planning to bring a guest are requested to attend the tea. m.k.m.
Dr. J. E. Hobson, BS EE ’32, will speak at the regular meeting of the American Institute of Electrical Engineer^ tonight/at 8 p. m. in room
264 of the Electrical Building. He
is Control station engineer for the Westinghouse Electrical Company. He will use mechanical models to illustrate his talk on power system stability. Since leaving school Dr. Hobson has carried out research and solved many transportation and distribution problems. For this work h^ was nominated an alternate for Eta Kappa Nu’s annual award for the most promising engineer in industry who has been out of school for ten years, e.w.n.
Flags, Guns, Great Seal Of United States Will Lend Atmosphere To Military Ball
By Robert Runnion Decorations gracing the -two Union ballrooms for Friday evening’s swapk Military Ball will easily keep pace with the smopth setting created by pretty girls and smart niilitary men swaying to the rhythms of Cfharlie Barnet’s and Gus Arnheim’s orchestras, according to Lee Norquest, head of the ball decorations committee. Occupying the center of attraction will be a four foot reproduction of the Great Seal of the United States worked out in detail, backed by a brilliant red, white and blue field. This is protectively surrounded by crossed qannons ahd a replica of the Scabbard and Blfide Key. Pour pillars of gold and six great flags give the finishing ^ches.
The entire Union will be closed for the evening to ail except ballgoers. A few tickets are still available at $2.60 in the cashier’s office where programs for the ball will be distributed beginning tomorrow. Almost as if to insure the exclusiveness of the occasion, a number of very real guns have been imported from Fort Benjamin Harrison, and will be placed about the halls. A 37 mm. anti-tank gun, two 81 mm. mortars, and two 50 calibre Unti-aircraft pieces guard the entrances to the ballrooms. The limited backdrop in the cafeteria is less somber, featuring Mr. Esquire cavorting as usual with a few of those voluptuous “Pettys” by Nancy Knotts. ~
. . . Educational Director of the Central Division, NBC, Chicago, will address a grimp of co-eds who are interested in radio as a vocation, at a meeting at 11 o’clock in the East Faculty Lounge of the IJnion.
Earl Carroll To Judge Debris Beauty Contest Finalists In Music Hall
The final round of the 1941 Debris beauty contest will be held Saturday evening in the Hall of Musie With campus queens parading from seven until eight-thirty before Earl Carroll, world famed judge of feminine beauty. Debris has the distinction of being the first student organization to use the music hall for its own performance. Student Union will spbnsor a mixer following the contest in honor of the four leading beauties who will constitute the theme for the dance.
Complimentary tickets will be
roe
awarded to the winners, whose names will be announced during intermission. Warpy Waterfall and his popular band are scheduled to furnish the evening’s musical enter-
tainment.
Carroll will be the sole judge and his decision, will be final. Tickets for the music hall performance are now on sale at the West desk and in front of the Sweet Shop at ten cents each. w.m.c.
Exponent Freshman To Hold
Class At Composing Room
Exponent freshmen who attended the training school last Wednesday will meet in the Union office tonight at 9 o’clock. The men who attended the training school on Thursday night will meet at the same time on Thursday night. A trip to the Exponent composing rqpm across the river is planned to show how the paper is printed and mUde up. The group will retui'n around 10 o’clock. All those who are unable to attend on their regular night should come to one of the other "meetings, 'fe.g.k.
Kappa Psi
. .. pharmaceutical honorary will sponsor a lecture by Prof. George Schicks, assistant dean of the New Jersey School of Piharraacy and Grand Historian of Kappa Psi on the subject of Dental Pharmacy and dental preparations tonight at 7;30 in room 801 of the !Pharmacy.Building. Students and faculty members are invited to attend. e.g.k.
Second Preparedness Convo Open To Public Strategic importance of mineral resources to the defense of the United States will be discussed by Dr. Charles H. Behre at the Preparedness Convocation at 7:30 o’clock tomorrow night in the Music Hall. This IS the second in a series of special convos on various phases of national defense to which all persons are invited. The first in this senes was given two weeks ago by Dr. Gustav Egloff on “Petroleum and National Defense.” Has Studied Minerals Dr. Behre is especially well fitted to discuss this part of our defense program since he has studied structural geology of non-metalhc mmerals. He will emphasize minerals which are essential to national defense and will give detailed consideration to their effect on the international situation. Trends in production and ratios between reserves and consumption will be illustrated
by slides.
Professor of Economic Geology at Northwestern university for the past five years, Behre has traveled extensively in America and foreign countries studying minerals and mineral deposits. Prior to becoming a member of the faculty at Northwestern, he attended the University of Chicago where he receiv^ his Doctorate in 1921. AIME Holds Dinner At 6 o’clock tomorrow evening the University undergraduate chapter of the ATme will sponsor a banquet in honor of Dr. Behre in room 330 of the Union Building. Students or staff members who want to attend should communicate with Glen Phillips, telephone 46902, not later than tomorrow noon. Those attending may have their choice of the Chestnut room menu. Dr. J. A. Estey, head of the history, economics, and government department is head of the special committee which President E. C. Elliott appointed to arrange this series of lectures. He has arranged for the third in the series, “Population Pressure as a Cause of War” tb be t given by Dr. Warren S. Thompson of “Miami University. Dr. Thompson is on the Scripps foundation for population research. jff.a.
Kappa Presideni To Speak At City
Pan-Hellenic Dinner
The annual Lafayette city PanHellenic dinner will be held in the south ballroom of the Union tonight. The dinner is given annually for all sorority women and house mothers. Speaker of the evening will be Mrs. Evertt Schofield, national president of Kappa Kappa Gamma sorority. After dinner, awards will be given to the sorority with the highest scholastic standing for the past year and to the individual girl with the highest index for the past three years. Each sorority will sing“ one of its better known songs and the. others will join in with them. Florence Grimes is chairman for the dinner and Mrs. R. ]^. Stewart is president of the iJafayette Pan-Hel-lenic council, j.h.
Penalty Dates ' During the present semester there are four penalty dates. They are November 20,22, from noon December 21, and January 6. These dates represent the twenty-four hour periods before and after the Thanksgiving and Christmas recesses. A student who is absent from one or more classes during aigr of these four days will he assess^ an extra fee of $5,00 for each 24 houp period or fraction thereof missed. Dean of Men.• X
PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday. November 13, 1940
4^^
5* Columii
Three more powder plants disappeared in the east yesterday. None too quietly either. And that wind didn’t have a thing to do with it. Looks like someone is trying to level out the humps in production.
It’s the old problem of the middle man in economics. However there are several aspects to it. Blowing up all that powder at once has a number of advantages. (1) It solves once and for all the question of depreciation on the factory. (2) It prevents waste by going off where there are people. To kill. Instead where there' might, or might not be people. To kill. In short. It’s a sure thing.
Then again. (3) It saves freight and cartage. Consumer and producer being in the same spot. (4) It keeps sea captains from feeling jittery about sleeping on a hold full of dynamite. And last of all. It saves wear and tear on British guns. * * 4
And gives Hitler a chance to come out of his dugout long enough to have some one try to blow his head off in his favorite beer hall.
The Purdue Exponent
Entered u aecond claas matter at the post office in La-
ider the' act of Congresi of March S,
fayette, Indiana, under _ .
1879, and at the special rate of postage prorided for in section 1108, act of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20, 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer Session. Delivered locally by carrier for $3.00 per year, mail sub-
scription $8.60.
Editor-in-ChicC K. W. Donahue Business Manager Jlerle Hagemeyer Publication Staff News Editor .J. H. McKee Managing Editor —D. K, Heiple Associate Editors: W. E. Heaton, N. A. Ochiltree, J. A. Purcell, L. W. Ruffner, R. M. Skallerup, J. L. Traugott.
Business Staff
Local Advertising Managers: D. S. Powers, G. C. Landers; Promotion Manager, C. E. Danglemajer: Accounts Manager, R. J. Shadford; Circulation Manager, R. M.
Recktenwald. Co-ed Staff
Slditor Beth Simpson Associate liters: Mary Kay Miller, Ruth Rose, Donna
Siess.
Sports Staff Editor. J. P. Dolan Associate J^itors: J. F. Adamson, P. C. Johnson, R. O. Swaim.
Phones: Editorial 4005; Business 5058; Sports Z792 Represented for national advertising by National Advertising Service, Inc., College Publishers Representatives, 420 Madison Ave., New York, N. Y. Staff For This Issue
Night Editor: Ru£|ner Day Editor: Miller
Ass’t. Night Editor: Zinski Night Sports Editor: Johnson
Sophomores: J. P. Amos, W. W. Clark, C. A. Stoeckel, E. W. Nordlinger, E. G. Kieper, R. R. Runnion, Jean Horr, M. Fuller, Barbara Lahr, Nan Zachary.
Pardne’s 0 Interesting 0 People
By Donna Siess
By the agency of the press we have gathered that TURKEY MUST ** DECIDE NOW— ITALY WARNS Benito is getting pretty cocky. In spite of his recent troubles. Maybe he has forgotten that he already has
his hands full. With Greece. Looks to us l|ke his boys are better at cheering him from beneath\a balcony. Than routing Greeks out of mountain passed
Of course that is altogether comprehensible. After all. The Greeks were defending those passes. When Caesar was in three cornered britches.—dkh
Dean Blanding Talks
(Continued from page 1) Other speakers of hhe conference were introduced by Joyce Burnham, vice-president of WSGA. They include Miss Alvina Iverson, “Commercial Home Economics”; Miss Betty Elstun, “Designing”; Jeannette Scudder, “Personnel Work in Education”; Mrs. Harding Cecil, “Retailing”; Mary Dienhart and Nila Maze, “Science”; Dr. Lillian Gilbreth, “Women’s Part in National Defense”; Marion Elliott; “Business and Industry.” Marion Winterrowd, “Department Store Buying”; Mary Jane
George, Mildred Inwood, and Martha McBride, “Institution Management,”; Hilda Kreft, “Dietetics”; Mrs. Ruth Miller, “Teaching”; Mrs. Inez Canan, and Mrs. Helen Hall Stone, “Volunteer Community Service”; Mrs. Ruth Dobson, “Writing”; Margaret Richey, “Advertising.” Virginia Porter, “Commercial Photography”; Eileen Hamb, “Government Service”; Betty Dutton, Mrs. Katherine Pell, “Recreation”; Judith Waller, “Radio”; ivifrs. Lois Henley, Mrs. C. M. Hardin, and Mrs. S. E. Hartsell, “Homemaking as a Profession”; Mrs. Mary Turpin, “Interior Decorating”; Mrs. Dor-
othy Adle, Mrs. Jean B. Allen, and Mrs. Juliet M. Snyder, “Social Service.” m.k.m. ^
Sigma Pi
. . . social fraternity, announces the pledging of the following: Richard Allemange and Robert Allemange. South Bend; and Bill McGrath, North Vernon.
NOW SHOWING A FIRST RUN HIT
y*ve mad« you Laugh beforo ..... Now you'll Scream/
— COMING SUNDAYPrerelesae Showing "TOO MANY GIRLS" It's the Collegiate Musical
MADS
TOMORROW - FRIDAY
Directed by Edwin L Marin • Produced by Louis K. Sidney I ]^fXK^ffoldwyn f'fercr
—LAST TIMES TODAY—
Pammouttt pnsentt Dorothy Lamoor Robert Preston Platon Foster
MBiveru
TOMORROW - FRI. - SAT.
MARJORIE RAMBEAU‘ALAN HALE JANE WYMAN-RONALD REAGAN —LAST TIMES TODAY—
^ Special Anniversary Sale Feature SHOWER CLOGS to protect your barefeet from Athlete's Foot
A Dollar Value for
50c
cfaelh.
4th Street Annex Sport Shop
LUHA
Thurs. - Fri. - Sat.—2 Hits
Clarence E. Mulford’s THREE MEN FROM TEXAS PLUS
‘"rUGITIVE FROM AX PRISON CAMP
—LAST TIMES TODAY-
< BOB BURNS in Coinin' Round the Mountain
-ALSO —
'The Boys from Syracuse'
—LAST TIMES TODAY—
J^or J^i^h-J^yers! SKYROCKET
OUTSIDE THE THREk MILE LIMIT
LIGHT OF WESTERN STARS RED RYDER SERIAL , FIRST RUN NEWS
Taking the rounds the other day, we found someone who really takes the rounds. Takes them low. This stop and sock'-’em hard person is Jerry O’Neil, freshman co-ed Who hails from Evanston. The “its” she socks are to most of us, those elusive little white hard-coated articles called golf balls. Only four years ago, this darkhaired, vivacious creature with the flashing eyes, started out on the course at Grand Beach, Michigan to play this game of “place the ball before a wooden club to which is attached a hammer headed thing, take aim, swing, and leave the rest to providence.” Jerry had the possibilities even then, of taking the women’s championship of the club there that year. For two years other things kept the golf clubs in moth balls, but last summer, she decided to enter the Chicago Tribune golf contest. The contest is quite an unusual one, being conducted not for score, but for form. Well, Jerry walked away with the girls’ division prize in this contest. Also listed among her victories are runner-up for two years ^ the' Evanston high school championship in which she placed firsP last year. This fall she placed in the first flight of the Barrington Hills tournament in Chicago. “Stop and sock-em” are her frequent haunts and you may also find her on the pr3.ctice green here. She started playing during the summer when the only sports offered were swimming and golfing and became so interested in it that she’s really enthusiastic about it. yours for more interest—
If HIS Suit Looks New,
Phone
Enquire about it . . . for probably it is just Sanitone-CleanedI
American
make the MILITARY BALL ' a Great Success by . . .
treating your date to a corsage. It will please her, and make.,her'look even more betautiful. Especially w^en she ts wearing a corsage made from our selection of delightfully fragrant, fresh and beautiful flowers.
Dorner’s Flower Shop
Phone 6050
Main at 7th
6rt Mote Fun Out oHour Sports, )Nork, Social Ute-
Chevi Delicious
OOOBLEMIHT m BaiW
. women everywhere
' Vs"'
coUege me. '' V “joy the rekestog. deUcious . ■ velvety ' ' , i, <■ DOUBLEMIHT gum. ^joyingthisiefaesh- . JeetseeioiyouteeU^®^^ do. Chew- .
GUM k ine.pe-vo,
vrholesome, satisfying. . . .
Popuiai .
\ >■
■r
V I,
in'£xpomnjt SftafdA paqa
Final Basketball Cut Limits Season's Net Squad To 19 Players
Weckdsdiay, Ilbvet^er 11 1940
Having already spent seyeral weeks ih preparatory workouts, Codch Piggy Lambert’s basketball men are well on the way to their goal of top performance. Last Saturday Coach Lambert made known the final cut and at present, According to head hardwood mentor Lambert’s authpratative list of men who are to wear the Gold and Black in this season’s net encounters, only one of them, Sprowl, is at the present time occupied in gridiron warfare. All of the rest of the Riveter basketeers are already working-out under the watchful eyes of Coach Lambert.
Only Two Seniors Among the 19 men retained for this year’s hardwood fekm kre ohly two seniors. Plenty of sophomore and junior stars should shine this winter. The two seniors are Weber ^hd Captain Tgney both of whom are very familiar to Boilermaker basketball rooters. Among the re'turning juniors who especially stand out in one’k memory because of their fine past performances ate Blanken, Sprowl, Tierney, and Car-
ess.
All in all two seniors, 10 juniors and seven sophomores have been retained for this season’s squad. The complete squad personnel follows: Centers: Blanken, Neutzel, Korschot, and Weber. Forwards: Igney, Sprowl,’ Tierney, Seaborg, Kieffer, Hoffman and Fields. ' Guards: Caress, Blemker, Adams, Riley, Krampe, Conrad and Polk, d.w.m.
CORSAG ES. . . To fit the particular beauty of your girl. Our corsages are designed for your^ satisfaction We have for your choice foses, carnations, orchids, gardenias and combinations. / Watson's Flower $hop and Green Houses 21st and Indiana Sts. Phone 5243
\
CLASS DANCE INSTRUCTION WE OFFER YOU THE FINEST DAViCING schools in INDIANA Study under a Nationally Known Instructor, P. M. Allen. Have the experience of dancing with a partner. Both ladies.4ind gentlemen now enrolled. BEGINNER'S CLASS WED. NOV. 13L,7:00 P. M. ADVANCED CLASS THURS. NOV. 14 7:00 P. M. THE ALLEN SCHOOL OF DANCING 6th and Ferry Sts. Phone 2150
Sj0j0j£
u
jtuL \ ’fiWvdjUSL Wsims/tioL lAnmtL The Corner of the Campus— » s Yet the Center of Activities
/
IM Schedules
Freshman
SQUASH
Wednesday, November 13
Court 1:
7 !00 Alpha Chi Rho
. . . get your tickets for the Indi-ana-Purdue Father’s Day game today and tomorrow. Coupons may be exchanged from eight to twelve and
from one to five. j.h.
Riveters Ptan To Open Gopher Defense With Aerial Offensive
7 45 Delta Chr
8:30 Phi Delta Theta 9:15 Delta Tau Delta
Court 2 7:00 7:45 8:30 9.15
Phi Kappa Sigma Sigma Alpha Mu Phi Kappa Tau Phi Chmma Delta
Court 3: 7:00 Pi Kappa Alpha 7 .45 Pi Kappa Phi 8 30 Alpha Tau Omega 9 16 Phi Kappa TOUCHBALL Wednesday, NovemberJ.3 Field 1 Cary Hall 1 vs Cary Hall 2 (Schriber) 2. CarV Hall 7 vs Cary Hall 12 (Skinner) 3 Cary Hall 13 vs Cary Hall 11 (Shaw) 4. Cary Hall 9 v^ Cary Hall 3 (Captain) 6 Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 8 (Papurca) 6 Cary Hall 10 vs Cary Hall 14 (Michaels) 7. Cary Hall 6 vs Cary Hall 4 (Hawkins) 8. Kappa Sigma vs Phi Kappa Sigma [McCarthy - McGrath) 9. Sigma Nu vs Kappa Delta Rho (McAdams-Kutz) BASKETBALL Wednesday, November 13 Court 1 C. H. Rechenbach 7 .00 Tau Epsilon Phi vs Kappa Delta Rho 7 16 Sigma Pi vs Delta Upsilon 8:00 Ward 31 vs Ward 39 8.16 Ward 33 vs Ward 34 Court 2. R. Igney^ t 7.00 Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Kappa Sigma 7.16 Triangle vs Delta Chi 8.00 Ward 8 vs Ward 10 8 16 Ward 9 vs Ward 12 Court 3, H. Goldstein 7 00 Theta Chi vs Lambda Chi Alpha 7.16 Theta Tau vs Theta Xi 8 00 Ward 14 vs Ward 29 8 16 Ward 16 vs Ward 80
Soothing out the travel kinks from one long jaunt and preparing for another journey seems to be almost routine for Mai
, ^ ^ Elward’s plucky band of Riveter gridders. The aggregate 3,000 Int'erfraf'ernity Bowling miles or more than the team has covered in four engagements
on foreign battlefields has dohe irretrievable damage in lost finesse and polish, not to mention stiff joints and muscles, so important in carrying out split-secondjtiming on offensive manfeuvers. Such is the problem that face^ competent Mai Elward as he primes his squad for the all-important tussle with Min-
NOVEMBER 13th Bracket A — 6:30 p. m. Pi Kappa Alpha vs Delta Tau Delta ' Alpha Gamma Rho va Phi Kappa Sigma Triangle vs Phi Kappa Tau Phi Delta Theta vs Sigma Nu Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Theta Chi Bracket B — 8:46 p. m. Alpha Tau Omega vs Delta Upsilon Phi Gamma Delta vs Phi Kappa Psi" Acacia vs Beta Sigma Psi Theta Xi vs Phi Sigma Kappa, Alpha Sigma Phi vs Beta Theta Pi "HIGH INDIVIDUAL AVERAGES 1 Zuck, 176t, Phi Kappa Sigma 2. Hecb, 176, Phi Sigma Kappa 3 Kendrick, 172, Delta Tau Delta 4 Wagner, 167, Phi Delta Theta 6 Gaik, 167, Beta Sigma Psi Bracket A Won Lost Delta Tau Delta 8 1 Phi Delta Theta 8 1 Alpha Gamma Rho 7 2 Phi Kappa Sigma, 7 2 Phi Kappa Tau 4 6 Tau Kappa Epsilon 3 6 Triangle 3 6 Sigma Nu 1 8 Theta Chi , IS
Bracket B
Beta Sigma Psi 8 1 Delta Upsilon 7 2 Phi Kappa Psi 7 Alpha Tau Omego 6 8 Acacia 5 4 Beta Theta Pi 4 6 Theta Xi 3 6 Phi Gamma Delta 2 7 Phi Sigma Kappa 2 7 Alpha Sigma Phi 1 8 HIGH TEAM SERIES Beta Sigma Psi 2656 Delta Tau Delta 2609 HIGH INDIVIDUAL SERIES Zuck, Phi Kappa Sigma 679 Jones, Beta Theta Pi ' 571 HIGH INDIVIDUAL GAME Barnes, Delta Upsilon 265 Seabright, Alpha Tau Omega 226
the Purdue Exponent " Service Directory
e Professional
o School Supplies^
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Ham St. Phone 5701
DEACS Everything for a College Education f
e Dairy Products
University Book Store Across form the Union Next to the College Inn M C. "Red" Sammons '29 R W. "Doc" Epple '40
M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
• Locksmith
o Hardware
KEYS and LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. Bicycles, accessories and repairing. MULHAUPrS 209-11 N. 5th St. Phone 282?
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse —Right Prices 822 Main St. Phone 2777
Here’s the^answer to that/problem of “how not to forget’’ th^ special occasions, such as birthdays and anniversaries, whfch mean so much to your friends and your family^ There is plenty of space to record the dates you want to remember—a page and a calendar for each month, and a place for Christmas and Valentine lists, too. In addition, there are many quota-
% ixfOu^Cgmp&k Sji&cU&yi^ I lAUMARK I IGREETING CARDS tions from Tony Wons’ famous Radio Scrapbook, Book is pocket size, printed in lovely blue and magenta. Come in and glftl, yours tomorrow. ^
DECKER’S
518-20 Main S».
Phone 5036
nesota up at Minneapolis this Saturday, Conference Champs? „
This bunch of Golden Gophers appears destined for the conference championship, considering the pace they are maintaining at present. However, Boilermaker gridders have delighted in upsetting the Bferman apple-cart before, as witnessed in the 13 to 13 stalemate of last year, and are not above in doing it again. Aside from the rigors of inadequate practice sessions, cut short by roadtrips, and the imposing strength of the Norsemen themselves, another difficulty may hamper the Elwardmen. This is supplied by that unpredictable and cantankerous fellow, the Weatherman. Last evening, a friend of Mai’s telephoned from St. Paul to inform him that the streets of the Twin Cities were covered with a blanket of snow three feet deep. Should these climatic conditions pervade over the week-end, neither teani would profit
thereby.
Although defeat and bad breaks still stalk at the door of the Gold and Black camp, none of the early season spirit and fight has been scrapped for gloom and despair. Yesterday’s drill saw Elmer Bumham’s frosh testing the varsity de-
fense with Minnesota running plays, with the remainder of the time being spent on a suitable attack for the bigger Maroon and Gold players. Since the Golden line will outweigh Dave Rankin and his mates by some twenty-five pounds, Elward may concentrate on forward passing more than at any time during the campaign. Word leaks out from the enem^ stronghold that the foe IS weak on pass defense as well as throwing the pigskin. This is a distinct advantage"^for the Riveters, for if they have a weakness it is the stopping of opposing aerials. John Galvin and Tony Berto are capable tossers and Captain Rankin leads a bevy of wingmen who are skilled in snagging the leather. As a result of this the durable Gophers, so powerful on breaking up running plays must beware of the overhead
game tactics.
Bemie Bierman employs a modified single wingback in his offensive formations, but is the possessor of his own mystifying style of play. Sometimes, they come from the huddle to a short punt formation and then to the single wing.
“REST ASSURED” at HOTEL FOWLER
200 Rooms
Fireproof
Newly decorated Blueblozer Airconditioned
Fourth and Ferry
Lafayette
SCHEDULE OF 19^1 (Dsib/oA, ORGANIZATION PICTURES Tuesday, Nov. ,12 Please be prompt for the sittings which will be held^ in the south Union ballroom at the following times: Delta Rho Kappa 7:00 p.m. W -.7:10 p. m. Exponent Soph. Business SMf ..7:20 p. m. Union Soph. Workers—Girls 7:30p, ra. Exponent Soph. Coed Staff 7;40 p. m. Ann Tweedale House .^7:50 p. m. Antigoi^ish House 8:00 p. m. Glenwood House 8:10 p.m, 'Novadale House 8:20 p.m. Shoemaker House 8:30 p.m. PI A,Staff 8:40 p. mi Goldpeppers^ 8:50 p. m^ W. S. G. A 9:00 p-m. Y.W. C. A -9:10 p.m. WBAA ,..9:20 p.m. PI Tau Sigma 9:30 p. m. Exponent Editorial Staff—Soph. 9:40 p. m. Agriculturist Staff 9:50p.m. Pharmacist Staff 10:00 p.m. Union Soi^omore Workers—Boys 10:10 p.m. Independent WorfinscsiiStaff 10:20 p. m. Engineer Sophomore Staff ,.1 10:30 p. m. Model Airplane Club ^ 10:40 p. m. A. I. M. E 10:50 p.inSigma Delta Psi a - 11:b0p.m.mm
PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday/ November 13, 1940
1 I ')^ II vt j > III
Classified Ads FOR RENT Rusi-Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.60 all niirht. Phone, 2407. Typewriters and adding machines, new and used, for sale, rent and repaired. All makes of portable typewriters, $29.76 to $69.60. Office supplies. MimeoKraph and multigraph work. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main St. Phone 2779.
Exponent Sophomores: Debris pictures will be taken Wednesday, November 13, at 9:40 p. m. in the south Union ballroom. —ADAMS.
L
PIA Board: Debris picture of the PIA Board will be taken in the south ballroom, Wednesday evening, November 13, at 8.10 p. m. iw —MUSSER
Gold Peppers: Debris pictures will be taken Wednesday, November 18, at 8:60 p. m., in the south Union ballroom. Wear one piece dresses and silk stockings, *> —JONES.
Pharmacist Staff: Debris group picture is scheduled for 10 p. m. Wednesday, November 13. in the south ballroom of the Union. —SELKOWITZ
Kappa Psi: Business meeting at 4 p. m. Wednesday, November 13. Dr. Schicks will speak. 100% attendance is necessary. —SCHAEFER
Independent Staff: Debris group picture is scheduled for 10 :20 p. m Wednesday, November 13, in the south ballroom of the Union. —SELKOWITZ.
PIA Men’s Chorus: There will be a rehearsal Wednesday, November 13, at 7:80 a. m. in room 306 of the Union, Everybody should be at this important meeting. —SMULEVITZ
Aeromodelers: Debris picture will be taken Wednesday, November 13, at 10:30 p. m..
FOR SALK 300 tickets $1; 1000 for $2 , other minting at painless prices. Kane’s Print Shbp, 401 S. 29th. Phone 6206.
For Sale- Black Tux Suit, size 37, good condition, $5 00, also pair men’s Brown Leather Riding Boots, size 10%. $2 00 Phone 8040
WANTED Passenger Wanted: Round trip to New York 1940 Plymouth Sedan Leave Wednesday night. Phone 3430
LOST Lost: Will person that mistook rustcolored reversible in Home Ec. Locker Room Call Marge Williamson, 66163. Lost: Gold Cham bracelet'*with four medals attached Reward Call 66614.
Notices
No notices received after 8 p. m. All Senior Men: November 14 is the last day for senior health examinations. Make appointments immediately if you expect full recommendation to employers visiting the campus —ARM
Alpha Zeta: Formal initiation will be held Wednesday, November 13, at 7 ‘30 p m. in room 303 of the Union Alumni, honorary and associate members are urged to attend. —PAYNE
AIEE. Meeting Wednesday, November 13 at 8 in room 254 of the EE building. Dr. Hobson will speak —WISE
Radio Club: Meeting planned for November 12 will be postponed until November 19 because of AIEE Debris picture to be taken —FREED.
WBAA Staff: Debris pictures taken Wednesday, November 13, at 9:20 p. m. in the south ballroom of the Union Girls wear one piece dress and boys wear suits. Be prompt —MOREHOUSE.
Pi Tan Sigma: Short meeting of actives in room 236 of Union at 9 p m Wednesday, November 13. Debris picture will be taken at 9 .30 in the south ballroom following the meeting Pledges report for picture at 9 '30 —WIST.
Camera Club Members: DecemBfer issue of “Popular Photography” is in. These copies will be on sale at the next meeting of the Camera club ■—^TAFEL. i
Chi Epsilon: Meeting of all actives and pledges Wednesday, November 13, at 7:30 p m. in room 232 of Union. Important —MEYERS.
Flying Club: Meeting Wednesday, Novem--ber 13, at 7.30 in room 804 of Union. —GREVE
Religious Council: Regular meeting at 7:30 p m Wednesday, November 13, in room 58 of Union. —MANGERS.
Sigma Delta Psi: Debris picture Wednesday, November 13, in the south ballroom of Union at 11 p. m. Wear suits and please be prompt —EVERS.
WSGA Executive Board: No regular meeting Wednesday, November 13. —^WIERLEIN.
Delta Rho Kappa: Debris pictures to be taken Wednesday, November 13, at 7 p. m. in the south ballroom of the Union. One piece dresses and suits will be worn. Be prompt. —OSWALT.
AIEE: There will be a meeting Wednesday, November 13, at 7:30 p. m. in room 254 of the EE Building. Dr. Hobson will speak on power system stability. —WISE.
Reamer Club: Meet outside Union with mascot at 4:45 p m., Thursday, November 14, for short but very important meeting before pep session Complete attendance of actives compulsory Plecjges appear at 6.00 P m —ARCHIBALD
Modern Dance Group: Final try-outs at rehearsal Thursday, November 14, at 7:00 p. m in Women’s gym There will be no be taken Wednesday, November 13, at 10 :30 —SWOPE.
He'll like Jockey Underwear for Christmas. Hell like the knit comfort and masculine support. You'll like the ease of loimdering and the fact Jockey needs no ironing. And there is a leg length for every man!
\ 1
- ;
Jqckfti4 Short
Sleek, young ages.
brief, ideal for Hm
man of all
/ fW/ ^
'
h
' A
/
^ ••
Jqckeii Midway Six-inch legs make it |Mrfect for everyday business wear. . • .
Jgcketi Over- Knee Fils over the knee — heips keep out chills. Fine under scratchy tweed suits. 75^
Jockey Long , Snug,_slaek/ worm, mpdem and stylish. Heip him keep up his resistance—give him Longs to wear when he goes outdoors. I W ^
Originated and Manufactured by COOPERS. Always "gel CA/f lockey Contoured Shirts to match. Priced from • • . vUr
Men’s Shop
Street Floor
A CORSAGE f Will Increase HER LOVELINESS
The constant changing of styles of evening gowns, requires new styles of corsage and flower arrangements. In ordering Her flowers for the Military Ball, let one of our qualified designers help you select the correct color and arrangement of flowers for her evening gown. \ Avoid disappointment by ordering from . . .
QkuJibu ShofL
phone 8451
527 Main Street
in the south ballroom./ Wear suits and bring only finished models. ' —KNIGHT.
vember 18, at 7:16 p. In., in the Fieldhouse. All pledges must be there. —SILER.
Engineer Sophomores: Debris' picture will rehearsal Wednesday, November 13. p. m. in the south ballroom. —McELROY.
Exponent Sophomore Co-eds: behris pictures will be taken Wednesday, November 13, at 7:40 p. m. in the south Union ballroom. —^ADAMS.
Lost and Found Committee: Meeting of the committee and workers Wednesday, November 18, at 4:80 p. m. in the Senate office. Be there. —ARCHIBALD.
ture will be taken Wednesday, Ndvember 18, in the south ballroom. Co-eds at 7:80 p, m., in one piece dresses and silk stockings: men at 10:10 p. m. in suite, mgs, men —ADKINS.
Purdue Agriculturist: Debris pictures will be taken Wednesday, 9:60 p. m. in the south ballroom of the Union. All staff members and workers including freshmen please be present. —ADAMS.
WSGA Executive and Judicial Boards: Meet Wednesday, November 13, at 9 p. m,, in the south ballroom of the Union for Debris pictures. —ZWIERLEIN.
Eta Kappa Nu: Formal Initiation Wednesday, November 18, at 6 p. m., sharp in room 304 of the Uniox. —HOLCOMB, ‘
Dolphin Club: Meeting Wednesday, No-
Sophomore Union Workers: Debris plc-
Agricultnral Education Society: Open meeting Monday, November 18, at 7:80 in west faculty lounge. Harry Davis, director of search of the Farm Equipment Distltute. will apeak. —CROOKS. Independent Co-ed House Presidents^ Conncil: Meeting 'Thursday, November 14, at 7 p. m. in WSGA office, —DOHERTY. ASME: Before Saturday, November 16, all members should get their membership cards and emblems at Professor C£q>e s office. The office is open between 9 and 10 a. m, —COOLEY.
Have We neglected to mention it lately? Wool Garments Cleaned by Cl’own Are Moth Proofed by the Monite Process. Guaranteed against moth damage for 6 months or until cleaned again.
FINE CLEANERS OF FINE CLOTHES
Only 7 More Days
Buy your Debris before Nov. 20 if you want to take advantage of the low price. Present, Price $4.00
“9n, JthsL Tncdsuuv TyiamuuJ'
COMPLETE WITH BULB
The lES tag it carries is proof that it's easy on the eyes it certifies that this study lamp has been approved by the Illuminating Engineering Society. It's just as easy to LOOK AT as to see with, too. Purdue's Black and Gold seal and letter are mounted on its fine parchment shade; an antique bronze standard harmonizes perfectly, i % The quantity is limited—stop in at our store and get your lamp now. * ,
PUBLIC SERVICE COmPflOV OF inDIRnfl
ll
i I’
if ll
it l«[ il li I''
1*