f ^ ' I ^
®he Purnuc “Sxpanent
Published Daily by Students of Purdue University
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 7, 1936
KUMBER.IS
Decoration Contest Announced Military- lEiall Committee Offers Compliment tary Ticket A contest for decorations for the Union ballroom for the annndl Military Ball tjras announced yesterday afternooijk'Jby iP®nibers of the committee, Who Announced at the same time that the date for the affair had been definitely set for November 6. The winner of the decoration contest will receive a complementary ticket for his efforts. Applications for the award should submit their entries to Walt Scholar, Student Union executive, at the Union Building by Thursday, October 16, in order to receive consideration. Plans should show necessary views and dimensions for the construction of the decorations, which must be in keeping with the spirit of the occasion. They must also be accompanied by a color scheme as well as a cost estimate.
Prof. Murphy .To Speak At Forum Prof. “Charley” Murphy will discuss the subject, “What Is Success ?” at the Purdue Stude'at Forum, te be held in the reception room of the Union Building at 7 o’clock tomorrow evening. This is the fourth of the series of forums sponsored by the Purdue Religious Council each week. Judging from the interest shown in the three previous forums, the series is proving a great success.
Badger Game Will Satisfy Gridiron Fans Marquette Tilt Proves Wisconsin’s Strength With all Purdue football fans looking excitedly toward this week-end’s activities, the Wiscon-sin-Purdue game seems to be just the thing to satisfy them. Last week the Badgers lost a hard battle to the strong Marquette eleven by a 12 to 6 score; consequently Wisconsin ]promises to be a good match for Purdue. This will be the first Big Ten encounter for both teams this season. Noble Kizer and Harry Stuhldreher, Wisconsin’s coach, were former teammates on Notre Uame’s “Four Horseman” eleven. Stuhldreher is the third member of the famed Irish backfield combination that Kizer has been up against recently. The Badger’s lineup is almost identical with the one that accomplished the Boilermaker’s downfall last season. Leading the attack will be Eddie Jankowski, plunging fullback for Wisconsin, who is rated as All-American material this year.
Late Purchasers Asked To Call For SAA Books Late purchasers of Student Athletic Association coupon books, who are holding temporary receipts, should call at the ticket office immediately for their books, it was announced last night by C. S. Doan, manager of ticket sales. Students who are planning to take advantage of the privilege of purchasing a ticket for the Chicago game for fifty cents should call at the ticket office and have the proper coupon validated for admittance. Only coupons stamped at the Purdue ticket office following the payment of the fifty cent fee will be honored for admission at Chicago. Chicago coupons are not transferable, and books presented for admission by other than students or staff members who originally purchased them will be automatically taken up.
Rushees Must Call For Dinner Bids Today Rushees will call for bids to preference dinner today from 4 to 6 p. m, at the Pan-Hellenic desk ih Ihe lobby of the Memorial Union Building, All bids must be returned to the desk immediately after having been signed in order to make them available for the rush chairmen by 6:30 p. m. Preference dinners tomorrow evening will bring to a dose the present formal rush period. Pledging can be held any time after 7 p. m. Friday.
Ag Extension Conference Continues Discuss Foreign Markets Bi Relation To Agriculture A discussion of the present status of American agriculture in international trade by Dr. O. B. Jesness, head of the economics department at the University of Minnesota, fea tured the program for the initial day of the annual extension workers conference yesterday, which will continue for the remainder of the week. In addition to short talks by several county agents. Dr. Jesness will continue his discussion on the foreign markets for agriculture today. Another feature of today’s program will be an address on “Why Local Land Use Planning,” by H. M. Dixon, of the U. S. department of agriculture. County extension workers and University subject matter extension specialists attended the annual extension workers banquet yesterday evening, which was held in the Union Building, Prof. F. R. Hall, of the history department, spoke on “Agriculture and Foreiga Affairs' Prof. T.^A. Coleman, state county agent leader, acted as toastmaster.
Wesley Players’ Tryouts Will Be Held Tomorrow Tryouts for the first production of the Wesley players, “The Passing of the Third Floor Back,” by Jerome K. Jerome, will be held tomorrow evening at 8 o’clock at the Foundation House, 436 State Street. There are twelve parts in the play, six male and six female. The play will be presented during the latter part of November.
Gov. London Here Oct. 15 Republican Presidential Candidate WiU Make Rear Platform Address From Train
Governor Alf M. Landon, Republican nominee for president, will speak in Lafayette Thursday, October 16. This will be one of a series of short talks given from the rear of his train as it goes through Indiana. The schedule is: Eendallville, lf;28 a. m.; Huntington, l:6i p. m.; Wabash, 2:20; Peru, 2:66; Logans-
port, 3:28;^ Lafayette, 4:43; Attica,
5:16 p. m.
Republican enthusiasts will hold a rally in the Lafayette Armory tonight as part of the Springer-Slane-Halleck campaign. The meeting wdll be preceded by a parade which will be heralded by the firing of three aerial bombs.
Kappa Psi Freshman Smoker At 7:30 Tonight Kappa Psi, pharmaceutical honorary, is holding its annual smoker in honor of the freshman men in pharmacy tonight at 7:30 o’clock in the faculty lounge of the Uniort. The faculty of the school and graduate students have been invited. Smokes, drinks and eats make up the entertainment.
PAA Plans Homecoming Decoration Contest The Purdue Alumni Association is again holding a contest to determine the best decorated fraternity and sorority houses during homecoming. To judge the house decorations is a committee consisting of Walter Q. Fitch, '13, chairman, an expert on exhibits and state leader of Farmers’ Institutes; Mrs. John S. Morrison, ’92, artist, member of the Lafayette Art Association; Lloyd V. Moser, artist, member of the Purdue faculty; and Clare A. Johnson, secretary. Greater Lqfayette Chamber of Commerce, who is in charge of the retail merchants window decoration awards.
Prof. W, K. Halt Makes Tour Of State Parks, Forests Professor W. K. Hatt, head of the University school of civil engineering, is making his semi-annual inspection tour of constructions at the state parks and forests. Professor Hatt is an ex-officio state engineer for the state department of conservation and will be accompanied by Denzil Doggett, C. E. ’22, who is assistant state engineer.
It is estimated that the average student at Iowa State will walk about 6,000 miles in his four years aU school.
With all fraternities and sororities making plans for homecoming, the Women’s Residence Hall promises to have elaborate decorations. Tiirffinia Willdng heads the committed^ In charge, which includes Elizabeth Barnes, Audrey Ney, Harriett Billings, Jane Fleig, Barbara Sweeney, and Georgia Walker.
2,500 Hear Fisk Singers Enthusiastic Audience Demands Five Encores Perfect diction, complete harmony, delicate voice tones marked the first musical convocation, given last night in the Memorial Gymnasium by the noted Fisk Jubilee Singers. The audience of approximately 2,600 appeared to enjoy thoroughly the varied program of Negro spirituals, hymns, love songs and humorous verses. Especially admired were “The Old Ark”, which held not only fine rhythm and harmony but some odd and amusing sounds. “Little David”, an interesting ballad of Bible happenings, and Canzonetta Italiana, sung solo by Leonard Franklin. The audience demanded five encores, which included “Old Man River” and “Swing Low, Sweet Chariot”. Mrs. Myers, the manager and trainer of the Negro singers from Fisk University, Nashville, Tennes see, stated that the men tried to sing as one voice, so that listeners could not be certain even as to which side of the group the voice was coming. Prof. J. T. Gunn, chairman of the convocation committee, enthusiastically praised the singers and their pleasing artistry.
Forestry Club To Hold Steak Fry The Purdue Forestry club’s annual steak fry will be held Tuesday, October 13, at Cary Boy Scout camp. This outing affords an opportunity for all forestry students, members of the faculty, and the student body to become acquainted with the work of the department of forestry. For those who would like transportation furnished, busses will leave the Horticulture Building at 4 and 6 o’clock in the afternoon. If you are a forestry student or merely ah interested student, get your ticket from one of the members of the Forestry club.
Dean Jordan Returns From USP Meeting Dean C. B. Jordan, of the school of pharmacy, returned yesterday from Washington, D. C., where he met with the executive committee of the United States pharmacopoeial revision committee, to discuss crude drug essay processes of the U- S. P. Dean Jordan is a member of the executive committee and is responsible for this section of new revision in the recent edition of the U. B, which became effective June 1 of this year. This committee also met wdth the contact committee of the American Drug Manufacturers. '
Bob Kelly’s Band To Play For Sigma Alpha Mu Pledge Dance Sigma Alpha Mu fraternity will hold its anhukl pledge dance Saturday, October 10, at the chapter house, 417 Waldron. Alumni wrill be honor guests. Music will be furnished by Bob Kelly’s band.
WBAAToBroadcast Alumni Program Luncheon Interlude Saturday Will Precede Game A thirty minute program, especially prepared as entertainment for the Purdue alumni luncheon next Saturday, Oct. 10, will be broadcast from the Union ballroom from 12 to 12:30 via WBAA, as a part of the University radio station’s participation in homecoming celebration. The lineup features Bud Bryant and his orchestra, Dickie Humphries, talented local lad who has performed at the College Inn, on the Chicago stage, and has won recognition in several of the more prominent amateur radio programs, and Bill Jones who sang with Ben Bernie and the Lads before coming to Purdue. Bob Heine will act as master of ceremonies. A broadcast of the game will start about 1:30 o’clock from WBAA.
Harvard Birthday Recalls Purdue’s 50 Year Mark \ The tercentenary celebration of Harvard University recalls to us a series of framed notices above the north and east bookcases in the main reading room of the library. These communications were sent to the University at the time of its fiftieth anniversary. Most of them are^ congratulations from various universities—California, Columbia, Harvard, itself, Vassar, Yale, Wisconsin. The language of them is formal and documentary, the notice from Wisconsin being additionally ornamented by colored capitals. Among the framed pieces is a letter from President Coolidge in answer to an invitation from President Elliott to attend the celebration. In it he recalls that Purdue is one of the largest of the so-called land-grant colleges created by the Morrel Act. Near this letter from the president of the United States are the contributions to the celebration of Purdue's most famous artist and wi’iter alumni. George Ade wrote a short essay on the growrth of Purdue from its first class of one student in 1874 to the year 1924. From J. T. McCutcheon’s skillful pencil came the cartoon which was used in advertising the “Progress” convo, “If John Purdue Could See Us Now.” And so pi-obably at Harvard there will appear a set of framed communications of its Tercentenary, and perhaps among them will be this notice which was printed for Purdue and carried to Cambridge by President Elliott. THE TRUSTEES AND FACULTY of PURDUE UNIVERSITY (1869) have caused to be prepared for presentation by its President to The President And Fellows of HARVARD COLLEGE (1686) on the occasion of the celebration of the three hundredth anniversary of its foundation in tribute to the preeminent leadership of Harvard University in all the affairs of learning and of life affecting the welfare of the state and the nation ; and as an expression of confidence in the ever increasing influence of Harvard University, during its fourth century, wherever the spirit and the intellect of men develope new powers. This memorial is signed by the President of the Board of Trustees and the President of the University, sealed with the University seal, and dated September 16, 1986. Editor’s Note: Once a week these brief reviews of new books, written by Mrs. Lloyd W. Josselyn, will be run on the co-^ page. The new books will be found on a shelf beneath the mirror in the browsing room.
Mr. Lloyd Kennedy, graduate of the school of agriculture, has accepted a half time graduate assistantship in the school of agronomy at Ohio University. Mr. Kennedy Vrill work on the com breeding problems. He will work there in order to gain his master’s degree.
The Animal Husbandry club will conduct its annual barbecue and tour this afternoon. All freshmen taking animal husbandry as well as upperclassmen in that option are invited to attend. The group will assemble at the Livestock Judging Pavilion at 4 p. m. today. After an hour of looking over University likestock, the group will go to the Dean’s pasture for the barbecue. Tall stories, songs and short toasts will feature the evening’s program. Tickets can still be procured from Professor Frost in Ag Hall.
Stout Lecture Postponed; New Program Planned Mr. William B. Stout, prominent engineer, who was scheduled to address the A. S. M. E. Friday, was unavoidably detained because of urgent business. Plans are being made for a substitute program for the meeting Friday.
William and Mary College has dropped student self-government with the resignation of the men’s student senate because of lack of student problems.
Initial Production Of Play shop Tomorrow ^‘Ladies Of The Jury^^ WiU Be Presented in Dun^ can Hall Promptly At 8:30 O*dock “Ladies of the Jury,” Playshop’s initial production, will be one of the outstanding events of the homecoming program. The curtain will rise promptly at 8 :30 tomorrow and Saturday
evenings.
Tickets may be obtained at tlm Playshop booth in the lobby
of the Memorial tJnion Building each evening from 4 until 6 o’clock. Early sales indicate a capacity crowd for the Saturday night performance. Although, a few choice seats are still available. A good selection of seats may yet be secured for tomorrow
night.
Madame Fiske, of undeniable theatrical fame, played the leading role in “Ladies of the Jury” in the original cast. Each role in the play is a definite character part, ranging from an effeminate young man desperately in love to a rough neck Greek who thrives on punching people in the nose. The latter role is to be played by Karl Mueller, for former Playshop fame. Comedy The various feminine roles give rise to much mirth. Loretta Van Rie in her interpretation of a cantankerous old maid is humorously typical. Yet Mary Theiss goes to the other extreme in her role of the tough show girl. “Ladies of the Jury” is being directed by Gilbert Williams, official technical director. H. Kenn Carmichael, official director of dramatics, is directing the stagring. Music during intermissions will be furnished by Richard Richwine, pianist. AH Club Will Hold Barbecue
Concert Choir To Celebrate Anniversary Festivities Induded In HomecomingProgram Alumni and active members of the Concert Choir of the University will celebrate the fifth birthday of the organization as a definite part of the homecoming progpram this weekend. Festivities will open on Friday night, at which time members of the choir will attend the homecoming banquet where they will be seated together. Following the dinner, there will be an informal sing in the music room of University Hall, and both old and new members of the choir will sing together under the direction of Albert P. Stewart. The homecoming dance at the Union Building will conclude the prognram
for Friday.
Luncheon On Saturday On Saturday noon there will be a luncheon for the active and alumni members of the choir which will be held at the Embassy in Lafayette. Plans for the afternoon will foUow the regular homecoming schedule, including the football game and the Union dance and smoker. All those who are not attending fraternity and sorority dinners are invited to a buffet supper at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Albert P. Stewart. In addition to the Playshop performance and the Union dance, Mr. and Mrs. Stewart plan to hold open house for the choir Saturday evening. The choir has a full schedule for the coming season, including a trip to Chicago on October 22 and smging for the Purdue Dad’s Association. At present there are 22 members in the choir.
CLOUDY
By Tempy Exponent Weather Mouse The boss said I was “all wet” yesterday when I predicted rain. Boy, was he fooled! There is a definition of rain which goes something like this: “Rain is that which never falls when the weather man predicts it.” If that definition is true then something’s wrong. I’m either not a man or it didn’t rain and you know it rained. You’re right. I’m not a man, I’m a mouse. The rain helped the sororities ... it speeded up “rushing” between classes. It will he cloudy today with possible showers.
Novel Telephone Uses Electric Line Circuits For Convenient Outlets
A novel telephone, which a person can plug into the nearest electric light socket to talk with another person plugging a similar telephone into a similar outlet near at hand, was demonstrated in the auditorium of the New York Museum of Science and Industry in the RCA Building, Rockefeller Center, New York City, last night at 8 o’clock. , Communication between the two phones is accomplished over the electric light wires theihselves, with no other wires than the usual cords to the attachment plugs. The new method is designed for convenient use in homes, offices and factories, the phone stations being readily moved about the premises at will. Dr. O. H. Caldwell, distinguished graduate qf the University and a trustee of the Museum of Scic^nce and Industry, has had two of these phones in use at his home in Green-
wich, Conn., for intercommunication between various rooms and houses on the place. The telephones operate on the principle of carrier-currents, superimposed on the electric light wires. Each instrument, when talked into, becomes a small radio-frequenoy transmitting station which delivers “wired radio” to the electric BgKt circuits. From this wiring the voice can be picked up, amplified, and heard as in a small portable radio. So sensitive are the phones, that n person talking in an ordinairy tone of voice at five or tern feet distance, can readily be heard. The receiving phone has a loudspeaker which tal^tel out in natural volume and tones. Each set weighs about five pounds. The new intercommunicating ays’* tem is being developed by the Amw^ lean Carrier Gall Corporation, ^ West 44th Street, New Tork Cttf.if:
SyX!'
• ')T4 fv"
K >
page Two
THE PUR^DtJB EXPONENT
Wednesday, October 7,1936
Platform Point No. 3— Paddling Honorary and social fraternities have advanced quite a distance since their conception. In one thing, however, some of them lag behind. That one thing is paddling-*—a relic of the days of barbarous hazing. There are three reasons why paddling should be abolished: it is a physical setback to many an unlucky paddlee, it shows the lack of civilization among paddlers, and it does no good that could not result from more humane methods. More than one case is on record in which the paddled individual has suffered physically from the practice, some being seriously injured. Most, if not all fraternities, do not desire to really injure their pledges, but the truth is that injuries crop out sometimes where least expected. The huskiest freshman may be the one to suffer severe injury. Those who paddle in most cases are reverting to primitive eras. Those who paddle only for specific offenses may mistakenly believe they are doing right, but those who do so promiscuously and without reason rightly deserve the curses and condemnation of all intelligent persons. There are those who insist that paddling is good for freshmen; it breaks them of cocky habits. Occasionally a pledge’s outlook on life can be changed with a paddle, but there are always better means available. If these other things, such as extra work and early rising, are to no avail, the man being still unfit for fraternity life, he should be dropped. He is not the fraternity type, and paddling will do harm, not good. Scholastic averages show that fraternity men rank higher than those not organized. In this supposedly top crust, then, why are there so many who uphold the brutal practice of paddling, thereby exhibiting their own ignorance and lack of culture There are a few—a very few—social fraternities on this campus which do not paddle at any time nor for any reason. They are to be heartily commended, along with the great majority of honorary fraternities which do no paddling. There are some houses which paddle only for definite offenses, and then seriously and without a bloodthirsty manner. They are to be given some commendation. They may honestly believe that certain offenses, such as drunkenness, are best punished and cured by paddling. Upon extensive thought, however, I am sure that they would come to the conclusion that there are better things than paddling. After all, pledge pins may be removed if the pledges do not measure up to the standards set by the fraternity; this in itself should be the most effective method of threatening and punishing offenders. If a house is so insecure financially that it cannot stand losing any of its pledges, there still is no excuse for the use of force; such a fraternity, rather than fail to live up to the high standards it should maintain, had better be dissolved. Then there is the class in which paddling is done at times promiscuously and for no reason except to have “fun” and give upperclassmen a chance to exert meaningless authority, as in many “Hell Weeks”. These fraternities can offer no excuse for their actions, and should suffer the disapproval of all persons. Action to improve the paddling situation should come through the Fraternity Presidents’ Council, rather than through University officials. JThe Exponent will be glad to cooperate in any movement to reduce or abolish paddling. Probably before the start of the second semester the Exponent will send a questionnaire to all fraternities. Those which do not paddle will be rated in class “A”. Those which paddle only for definite offenses will be rated as class “B” or “C” according to their paddling programs. Those which paddle promiscuously will be placed in class “D”. These ratings will be published frequently, and changes in them made when the facts warrant.
‘‘Chalk Fearers, “Text Readers”
99
There are two general types of instructors in the University for whom there cannot be too much condemnation. They are the “Chalk Fearers” and the “Text Readers”. The first type is horrified by the very thought of
$urbue exponent
Founded in 1883
1936-1937 Member Associated .Collegiate Press Distributor of COLLEGIATE DIGEST
Member of National College Press Association, Bis Ten Editorial Association EzelusiTcly B^resented by National Advertisingr Service, Inc. 420 Madison Avenue, New York City
Entered as second class matter at the post office, Lafayette, Indiana. Delivered by mall, $3.50 per year; delivered by carrier, $2.60 per year; sold by single copy, 2 cents.
MAIN OFFICE—812 North Fifth Street Business Phone 6038 Editorial Phone 6037
Daily Student Publication of Purdue University
EDITORIAL STAFF Xditor-in-Chief W. T. Hunt Managing Editor.— E H. Morris Associate Editors.^ K. A. Barnette, J. B. Brock, A. H. Forster, R. P. Manion, C. L. Sadler
Editor.
Associate Sports Editors
SPORTS STAFF
L. D. Wood
W. H. Fifteld, S. R. Griffiths,
R. F. Obenchain
BUSINESS STAFF Business Manager R, J. Hulse National Advertising Manager _L. H. Brown li^l Advertising Manager - D. C. Miller Circulation Manager.—jt.... — J. P. Girard
Editor.
Advertising Ma Associate Edito)
Manager.
'Ml—
WOMEN’S STAFF Helen Creech Betty Barnett — Jeanne Janousek, Dorte McCartney, Elizabeth Pyke
Issue Editw—A. B. Keller.
chalk. It is only by years of self control that one of them can suppress a shudder at the sight of a piece of chalk. He stands in the middle of the classroom with the air about him filled with NH4N03’s and A2B2’s. His hands sweep arcs of radius M’N’. H2S04’s chase NaOH’s about his head. And they may all come tumbling down about his ears for all of him. He’d rather die than cement his ideas to the blackboard with a piece of chalk, looking over the chalk-rail, daring him to pick it up. And so his pupils must either possess themselves of some metaphysical power that will allow them to see his imaginary compounds and geometrical figures as they float through the air, or they must forever remain in the dark about what the instructor is doing. The other type, the “Text Reader”, is even more obnoxious. He cAlls the roll and then opens his text. “Force A is directed upward to the blah blah mumble mumble . . .” and after 49 minutes of the period’s 60 have droned themselves away, he straightens up from his book and Says, “Well, the author has it in the text, and he’s right land you’d better read the text, and your next text assignment is the next ten pages in the text. It’s all in the text.” And so his pupils open their eyes and begin to gather their texts together, having received from the class no more than a half hour’s sleep. Phooey!—J. E. B.
In My Opinion BY CADWALLADER The Exponent wilt not assume responsibility for the opinions voiced in this column. Such opinions arc solely those of the writer.
Discussion If there is anything which does infinitely more good than harm, it is discussion—unbiased, clear-headed argumentation. Of cours6, proselytion is sometimes cloaked as discussion, but somehow the light always shines through in the end. But there is nothing better than real discussion to aid in forming opinions and making decisions, providing that the discussion remains logical and truthful. For that reason, the Purdue Union is to be thanked for its work in starting discussion meetings. A stumbling block may be that so few have seen fit to attend, but perhaps that is best, for in larger groups only a more formal and less interesting form of discussion is possible. Thirty to fifty members is the maximum for best results. If attendance continues to increase, perhaps several groups might be formed. Tb be fruitful, discussion meetings must be guided by some intelligent hand. Mere ramblings and hot arguments without thought get one nowhere. It is also a problem to see that certain persons do not monopolize the discussion to the extent that others see no point in being present; in addition, the subjects selected should be of the sort about which everyone knows something and in which everyone is interested. In a group of this optimum size, each side of most questions is certain to be represented. In that way the participants can enlarge their horizons and gain other viewpoints. Every student likes to take part in bull sessions. Bull sessions conducted intelligently and with a minimum of personal friction—that should be the student discussion group aim.
Rush—A Magnificent Failure While it is hardly just to say that the new rush system is a definite failure, any organized girl will admit that it is far from a success. A former advocate of deferred rush, we feel that we have been championing a lost cause, and that the sceptics had the advantage on their side. The most casual observer cannot help but realize that the studies of both freshmen an(L upperclassmen are suffering woefully. After more than a week of first hand experience we are sure that two courses lie open to the co-eds: to spend three weeks catching up on their neglected “preps” or to receive a grade a letter lower than it otherwise would have been. Organized women have practically lived in the Sweet Shop in the hope of ensnaring a rushee, or es corted the freshmen here and there on the slightest pretext. At 8:30, when rush officially ends for the day the real trials of rush are just beginning. “Hash sessions” last far into the night and are a strain on the nerves of the most placid. So for the upperclassman it means rush is at hand every waking moment. That it is of vast importance for a freshman to get a sound academic foundation is unquestioned in any circle. Certainly the present conditions, wherein the rushees return to the Residence Hall and sit around and discuss the sororities and their members until the wee small hours is not conducive to good scholarship. Their time during the day is spent with upperclassmen who are eager to show them the utmost courtesy and when the inevitible let down comes within the next two weeks, there are likely to be some very disappointed freshman co-eds. While this new plan has its merits, we are quite willing to forego the advantage of knowing the freshmen better for the' peace and serenity of the old days. Regretfully we term rush—a magnificent failure.
old & lack -
Mars double pass for the person sending in the best printable scan dal (true, of course), concerning any one of the following senior men Gimlet Proxy Hodgdon, S. A. A. Prexy Hughes, Phi Psi Truitt (or his equivalent) and Kappa Sig Lowe. Romances reached a new high over the week-end with Barnett sporting a diamond on the proper finger of her left hand. Congratulations, Betty, would that more of us could join you. Echoes from the past summer R. O. T. C. camp bring to the front an exciting incident which took place at the Seelbach hotel, in Louisville, Kentucl^y. Persons most concerned include Phi Delt Van Natta, Phi Psi IBunting and DU Belury who will be only too happy to supply the missing links of this story <we hope). And from a past B & B editor, Stu Distlehorst, comes the following contribution: HOW RED THE ROSE Do you remember “Schoolgirl” Roe, As gentle as an iron fist. As calm as an undertow— Who claimed she never ever kissed? Ada Mae has left Purdue A Madison co-ed to be. And has left us in her place Her sister, Gaby D. Residence Hall, Room 207, This other Roe adorns, But eds, beware—^it won’t be heaven For every Roes has thorns. —Stu. So Chi 0 Lyons broke a date because she had taken ATO TAM’S pin and then gave it back because both decided “they didn’t want it that way.” Wonder what the Sigma Nus think of these one afternoon affairs ? Wally Craig’s present peroxide blonde import has caused great consternation among the Sigs who remember her as a lass with hennaed tresses. Such versatility is being practiced on a large scale by a number of our own co-eds. Anyone wishing a date with Flor ence Sequartz please call her on Wednesday. —Paid Advertisement. After yesterday’s story concerning Putze, Kappa Small is afraid to ask him to “Gold Diggers”—afore mentioned gentleman wants it known that he is still open to all offers. Don’t forget the scandal on our well-known “big shots”? ? ? ? ? ?
Archery Instructioii For Men Starts Monday Archery for all male Robin Hoods starts next Monday at Intramural Field. All equipment necessary ■will be available at the range. Experienced men will give instruction to beginners. During the last week in October an all-campus archery tournament will be held. The winners will receive medals.
The essence of recovery is in the will of the people to recover more than in any particular' plan.—Rabbi Abraham Nowak.
Exponent Platform.
1. Establish student SELF-government. 2. Abolish useless honorarles and reduce honorary fees. 3. Eliminate physical punishment by honorary and social groups. 4. Modify the Student Union election system. 5. Permit open campaigning in all popular elections.
Entries Open For Horseshoe Tourney Registration is now open for the all-campus horseshoe tournament in the intramural office. Play will begin as soon as twenty-five persons have entered. A gold medal will go to the winner. Silver and bronze medals respectively will be awarded to second and third places.
Go Where Everybody Goes THE MANHATTAN for Big 5c Spanish Hamburgers and Real Chili
GRIN AND BEAR IT
By Lichty
‘It’s a new kind of machine—^when your money’s all gone you receive an aspirin.”
Beauty Rest BeautyShoppe Hand Stretched Permanents, absolutdy no failures $5.00-$8.50 One Min. Wireless Waving, guaranteed $1.95-$3.60-$5.00-$7.00 Plain Shampoo and Fingerwave.... $0.50 Drene Shampoo and Fingerwave ... .60 Weekly Co-ed Special — Shampoo, PHngerwave, Idanicure and Hair Trim 76 WE USE SOFT WATER 324 Life Bldg. ROSE MARIE LOSEY Phone 5348 MILDRED GOCHENOUR
The honey in the briar keeps the pipe sweet. High-effleiency Condenser cleans, purifies ’Asmoke. Traps moisture. No clog'"ging. No trouble. Prove ityourselfl
We carry a full line of YELLO BOLE PIPES SOUTHWORTH’S
We carry a full line of YELLO BOLE PIPES H. G. “DEAC” REISNER
MAIRS
LAST TIMES TODAY
wUh
AN** Ootl Joan RRADY PATRICK DIXON tupoaoPAUETTE Alon MOWBRAY Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday CHARLIE RUGGLES MARY BOLAND in “Wives Never Know”
LAST YEAR’S
Gold and Black Aces WILL HEREAFTER BE KNOWN AS Pat Clinton and His Band
LEARN TO DANCE CORRECTLY By Enrolling in Our New ADULT BEGINNERS’ CLASS Wed., Oct. 7, 7:00 P. M. Waltz and Fox Trot Taught Indiana’s Largest Dancing School Phone 2150
ALLEN’S
6th & Ferry
New MAIN Now Playingf!
FREDRIC MARCH KATHARINE HEPBURN
II
MARY of
SCOTLAMD"
ARC LAST TIMES TODAY FREDRIC MARCH CHARLES LAUGHTON “LES MISERABLES” — and — GEORGE O’BRIEN “O’Malley of the Mounted”
FAMILY LAST TIMES TODAY
I DOUBLE FEATURE FRANCES LANGFORD in “PALM SPRINGS” and “Dracula’s Daughter”
Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday JOHN WAYNE in “SEA SPOILERS” I and I FRANKIE DARRO in “RACING BLOOD”
LUMA LAST TIMES TODAY THREE GREAT STARS I'ACJBEVE HEW Gioinui I S..ID Americas finest pMniie of die groat lyarll INdricRMRCH WanwrBAXn
Tomorrow - Friday - Saturday JACK HOLT in “The End of the Trail” and JEAN ARTHUR JOEL McCREA “Adventure in Manhattan”1^:
F
Wednesday, October 7,1936
tHE PUKDUE EXPONENT
Gridders Rub Each Other
In Mud
Rain G ives Squad Chance To Tryout Under Bad Conditions
Purdue’s varsity football squad is preparing to meet the Badgers under any condition that may arise. Last night the varsity and "B” team pushed each other around in the mud until the mud and players looked alike. Coach Kizer is spending a great deal of time improving the Boilermaker’s pass defense, which seemed to be one of Wisconsin’s main threats against Marquette. The freshman squad is divided up into two sections. One section is working on Chicago plays while the other is spending its time on Minnesota plays. With two and three weeks practice, the yearlings should give the varsity several stiff scrimmages.
SOFTBALL
TODAY Diamond 1— Pi Kappa Alpha vs. Alpha Kappa Lambda. 2— ^Phi Delta Theta vs. Phi Pi Phi. ,8—Phi Kappa Sigma vs. Pirathon. 4—^Alpha Gamma Rho vs. Faculty. 6—^Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Theta Tau. 6— ^Delta Upsilon vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 7— Phi Kappa vs. Kappa Delta Rho. 8— Delta Sigma Lambda vs. Alpha Tau Omega. 9— Theta Chi vs. Acacia, 10— ^Theta Xi vs. Sigma Alpha Epsilon. 11— Phi Kappa Tau vs. Delta Tau Delta. 12— Phi Sigma Kappa vs. Tau Epsilon Phi. 18—Sigmia Chi vs. Beta Sigma _Psi. 14—Sigma Pi vs. Phi Kappa Psi. 16— Delta Chi vs. Pi Kappa Phi. 17— Phi Gamma Delta vs. Beta Theta Pi. 18— Sigma Phi Epsilon vs. Kappa Sigma
ALL CAMPUS TENNIS
TODAY, 4:15 O'clock
T. C. Foxworthy vs. R. E. Frazier.
D. Waid vs. H. W. Lownie. W. B. Billings vs. J. N. Frasier. H. Moses vs. F. P. Tabshey. J. E. Lentz vs. E. J. Gehrke. Floyd Rush vs. R. K. Hirchert. P. V. Plapp vs. T. Fuener. H. L. Scott vs. D. E. Wilkins.
300 TICKETS $1.00 1,000 for $2 Other Printing Priced Low
KANE’S PRINT SHOP 401 S. 29th Phone 5205
The Risk Dental Clinic
DR. PAUL A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK DR. ROBERT G. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK
400 Schultz Bldg. Phone 5701
«DEAC” Has everything for a COLLEGE EDUCATION H. G. REISNER
Button Coat, Pictured—No. 7671 Colors; Blue, Navy, Tan, Seal, Oxford, Greeny Maroon. See this new sweater and others at our store now. Sizes for men and women.
Decker’s
518-20 Main St. Phone 6477
ielder’s.... ....choice isBy Bob Walpolon—
The Boilermaker eleven spent yesterday afternoon slipping and slopping around on a mud-soaked field . . . but the driving rain didn’t put any damper's on the pep and spirit of the team ... — There was some disappointment in the bleachers on Saturday when the varsity met the freshman team ... some of the crowd wanted to see the first string in action . . . their reward will come when Purdue meets the Badgers Saturday . . . the coaching staff is going to be as careful as possible this season to prevent injuries . . . and there was a possible source in last Saturday’s tilt . . . —^fc^— The shifting of John Drake, veteran fullback, to the right halfback position in the hastily revised Boilermaker backfield that faced Ohio University, seemed to enhance rather than cut his ground gaining ability. Drake slashed through the Bobcat line seven times for 61 yards, an average of 8.7 yards per attempt on running plays from scrimmage. In addition, his blocking in the new position proved invaluable in the sweeps of his backfield mates, while his tackling on defense was just as vicious as it has been in former years. —fc— Purdue’s reputation as a ground gaining eleven suffered not in the least in the opening game against Ohio University. Nine different Boilermaker backs contributed their part in carrying the ball from scrimmake 56 times for a total gain of 376 yards, —^fc— We promised at the beginning of this year to present short biographies\ of your football players . beginning tomorrow and running now and then throughout the football season, we will have them for you ... Tomorrow, Captain George Bell...
Rain Postpones Greek Golf Finals
Pinqls in the interfratemity golf tournament, scheduled to start yesterday afternoon, were postponed because of rain. Teams representing eight fraternities remain in the finals, the others having been eliminated earlier in the tourney, which has been in progress for the last few weeks. The teams, consisting of three men, will follow the rules governing medal play, with the match going to the t^m with two men winning their rounds.
Harriers Meet
Wisconsin Rivals
uate students 6r business women preferred. References. 609 North St. Ph. 7790.
• Wanted—Girls to serve banquet Purdue Union Cafeteria.
For Sale—1930 Model/A Ford roadster. Reconditioned motor—4 new tires, also spare. Easy terms. Call 41063.
For Sale—^Roll top desk, cost new $50, like new at $15( can be converted into flat top desk). Moore’s Colonial Mkt., 220 N. Fifth.
NOTICES
He iwMceS accepted after tp. III.
Here Saturday
The Gold and Black harriers will compete against Wisconsin Saturday morning at 10:30 o’clock. The meet will be run on Purdue’s threemile course, with both the start and finish at the stadium.
Coach Martin stated that the strength of the team seems to be unknown. Bodeau, a sophomore miler, looks especially good. The team is almost entirely composed of sophomores, there being only two veterans.
Classified Ads.
TYPEWRITERS—ADDING MACHINES, bought, sold, rented and repaired. Supplies for all machines. C. F. Ebershoff, 605 Main St. Phone 2779.
Lost—Red Wahl eversharp pen and pencil. Reward. Call Lauschke, 6086.
Lost—Scheaffer’s lifetime fountain pen. Name inscribed on it. Call Bill Jessup, 7471.
' For Rent — Attractive, lower, front room. Two instructors or grad
DEBRIS Senior Sittings
Every senior, desiring to have his picture ip the 1937 DEBRIS must report to the Debris ofSce, on the second floor of the Memorial Union Building, at his scheduled time. A fee of $1.60 will be charged for each sitting.
To insure the best picture, it is suggested that the seniors wear plain, dark clothes.
—R. W. DWIGHT, Editor, 1937 Debris.
Wednesday, October 7 8 ;00 Bice, G. W. 8:06 Kelley, R. M. 8:10 Kirkpatrick, R. W. 8:16 Black, D. E. 8:20 Embertson, M. 8:26 Engelking, F. S. 8:30 Blaney, R. D. 8:86 Esterline, J. C. 8:40 Evans, B. G. 8:46 Bornhauser, L. B. 8:50 Dunn, R. P. 9:00 Black, G. T. 9 :06 Dunn, F. V. 9 :10 Engel, J. G. 9 :15 Bosonetto, E. A. 9:29 Fields, F. E. 9 :25 George, C. A. 9:80 Bowen, M. M. 9 :36 Gingrich, R. W. 9 :40 Goodyear, H. R. 9:46 Bowman', F. E. 9:60 Jackson, E. B. 10:00 Baum, Chas. L. 10:05 Drake, M. JO :10 Kany, J. A. 10 :16 Blakley, J. HL 10 :20 Ketcham, R. T. 10:25 Kimball, R. L. 10:30 Bryan, C. E. 10 :36 Johnson, M. G. 10 ;40 Genovese, S. J. 10:45 Brusky, J. W. ;60 Holloway, 0. A. 00 Birbari, C, R. 05 Klein, E.J. 10 Eager, R. F. 16 Bolds, M. H. 20 Flock, M. V. 26 Ford, P. C. 30 Bouton, M. N. 36 Gallup, E. E. 40 Giffin, K. A. 46 Gray, H. F. 00 Baumback, E. J. 06 Egly, A. H. 10 Felix, G. B. 16 Belury, N. G. 20 Freedman, A. B. 26 Freeman, J. K . 30 Brewer, C. 36 Freemyer, G. W. 40 Gift, W. 46 Brinson, R. F. 60 Geiger, J. P. :00 Anderson, J, D. 2:06 Keenan, W. H. 2:10 Eidson, D. A. 2:16 Atkins, V. 2:20 Ewoldt, C. P. 2:26 Glendenning, L. L. 2:80 Brown, B.E. 2:36 Greenburg, R. B. 2 ;40 Griffin, F. S. 2:46 Grossman, F. A. 2:60 Hall, O.F. i 8:00 Blank, E.J. 3:06 Halstead, F. G. 8:10 Hamilton', H, G. . 8:16 Boroviak, E, 3:20 Hanneforth, E. W. 3:26 Hansell, D. N. 3:80 Buck, R. W, 3 :86 Hatfield, M. T. 3:40 Hein, J. J. 8 :46 Burgess, J. D. 8:60 Hensler, B. 4:00 Cross, R.E. 4:06 Dixson, G. S. 4:10 Keller, E. L. 4:16 Cuslc, M. E . 4:20 Kennedy, C. G. ''i 4:26 KepharL W. H. 4:80 Dailey, Icon 4:86 Kerber, G. 4:40 Kettle, J, W. 4:46 Dalw.O.G., 4 ;60 Klaiber, G, L.
Thursday, October < Bivin, R. H. Gilbert, W. W. Godfrey, J. E. Brubaker, J. F. Graves, 1^ Greber, E. G. Bublit^ C. A. Grumme, F. J. Evans, J. M. Burkhart, J. R. Hafer, E. A. Brion, B. W. Hale, C. P, Egnor, R. F. Brown, R. R. Flebbe, P. E. Forsell, K. A. Burks, R. H. Hines, G. E, Housekeeper, D. L. Callis, C. M. Ewold, D. C. Brewer, S. T. Geiser, K. R. Griewosh, S. M. Burgees, D. J. Easley, G. J. Harrison, F. E. Burrell, K. H. Haworth, H. A. Homeyer, H. J. Buxton, L. O. Hopkins, G. S. Beaudway, R. W. Farwell, A. F. Ganier, A. F. Bromley, J. T. Geder, H. J. Gustoitis, J. W. Burroughs, J. E. Guthrie, J. H. Gillis, A. P. Byin^on, R. R. Blistain, W. Emens, J. W. Harmon, W. N, Burmeister, F. Harrell, J. D. Hartman, R. A. Campbell, G. L. Hedlund, R. A. Hei'nen, J. M. Campbell, J. D. Hensley, E. W. Buenting, O. W. Hexamer, L. H Hoefer, J. A. Captain, E. A. Hooper, W. T. Howe, C. S. Cantwell, A. Hulse, R. J. Humphreys, R. S. Carlson, R. O. Graham, R. E. Burkhart, R. L, Iddles, G. Jump, J. E. Burnell, G. W. Tillett, C* H. Tipper, H. W. Chenoweth, B. M. Tober, A. H. Thomas, H. L. Clark, H. M, Trbovich, M. Day, J. H. Trees, 0. J. Tumblll, R. C. Dean, M. A. Upton, W. E. Vanderhoof, S. P. Dehl, J. S. Vaughan, J. G. Voigt, R. N. De Groot, J. A.
Independents — All membership^ books must be reported to 'the P. I. A. office at 4 p. m. Oct. 7. All others 'wishing to work on' the' membership campaign are asked to be there. —PARKHURST.
Phi Lambda Upsilon—^All those going to the pledging-in picnic Friday night please sign up in Chemistry 106 or Heavilon 101 before Oct. 8 at 4 p. m. —PERKINS.
Alpha Lambda Delta—Meeting Oct. 7 at 7 p. nu in Union. Inquire at desk. —PITTMAN.
Wesley Foundation—All students are invited to Morning Watch Services each Tuesday and Thursday morning from 7:30 to 7:60 at the Wesley Foundation House. Lome Doud will lead Oct. 8. —FERGUSON.
Co-eds—^Wishing to be campcraft leaders meet at the Women’s Gym Oct. 9 at 4. —HALSTEAD.
Playshop Light Crew—Report Oct. 7 at Duncan Hall as early as possible. —WILLY.
Alpha Phi Omega—Meeting at Cary Camp Oct. 7 pending no rain. Meet in Union lounge at 4 ;80. There will be softball and supper at the camp. —KUECK.
Independents—Help wanted, Male: Man' ager, producer, coach in drama; debate manager (sophomore or junior) ; manager and director of chorus, quartet and vocal work; manager and helpers in discussion group work; manager of date bureau; men for office work and interviewing. Help Wanted, Female: Singer or instmment girl for orchestra ; manager and producer in drama; debate manager; manager in chorus, quartet and vocal work; manager and helpers in discussion work; girls for office work and interviewing. See Wilson 'White at the P. 1. A. office or call him at 31912. —WHITE.
Fraternity Presidents—Have money for fiosh-varsity tickets sent to Hodgdon at Sig Chi house by Oct. 9. Address checks to the Gimlet club. —KETTLE.
meeting fwXftt Pos^piraed until Oet. 21. .
Unfen Sephemotee—My eommittee will meet in the Union workshop at 4 p. m. Oet. 7. —WIEGANT.
Radio Club—AU old memben asked to attend the short linsineso meeting Oet. 8 at 4 p. m. in E. E. 264. —WBPPLBB.
Y. W. C. A. 0«ee Csmmittew~Meeting Oct. 7 in Y. W. C. A. office at 4 p. m. —LEAMIMG, HAMILTON.
P. O. M. Iti—AU members and pledges refort to Armory Oet. 8 at 4:80 p. m. for al pledging. Juniors wear suit coats. —LOVE,
Union Gbyhomores—Our committees wOl meet in the Union' office at 4 p. m. Oet. 7. —FITTS. CLAYPOLH PFORZHElME».
Animal Husbandry Students—Dnt to eon'flict the livestock tour and barbeeue date has been changed to Oct. 7 instead of Oct. 8. —WHITE.
W. A. A. Tennis—^These games must be played before Oet. 9: Bem'adine Barnes vs. Marian Long, Janette Morris 'vs. Florenee Beilke, Elizabeth Barnes, vs. WiUie Gross, Betty Arnold vs. Martha Walker, Margaret Jenkins, vs. Joyce Davison, Roselyn Jackson vs. Lnanna Thompson, Ruth BandaU 'vs. Georgia Walker, Pauline George vs. Margaret Mathes, Eileen Thomas vs. Maud Wilson, Marian Kidd 'VS. Georgia Elliott, Alice Breitwieser vs. Nina DeWitt, Mary Alma Pell VB. Lois Mills, Charlotte Foreman' vs. Jinny Baxter, Marjorie Mobler vs. Barbara Pickett, Blanche Kernel 'vs. Margaret Stacker. —RIETH.
Swimming Classes—Classes for Oct. 6 are postponed until Oct. 8 because of convo. Schedule for Oct. 8 is as foUows: 7:80, advanced swimming; 8:30, life saving. —RUSSELL.
' Independents—^All membership books must be reported to the P. L A. office at 4 p. m. Oct. 7. AU others wishing to work on' the membership campaign are asked to be -there. —PARKHURST.
Independent Co-eds—^AU wishing to work on P. I. A. membership campaign are asked to report to P. I. A. office at 4 p, m. Oct. 7. —BOEHM.
Cosnumolitan Club—^The follo-wii^ are expected to come to the old Union office Oct. 8 at 7:16 p. m. to be initiated into the cinb: F. C. Toy, J. F. Whitney, Bernard Firestone, V. D. Bistro, H. A. Berube, J. H. Williams, Maurice Neptune, Myron' Moser, W. B. London, M. N. Czuczko, N. M. Parkhnrst, H. F. Guttan, A. S. Finar, Robert Blandon. —FU'TOOHEE.
Independents—^All wishing to participate in membership campaign please report to F. I. A. office between 4 and 6 p. m. any day this week. —PARKHURST.
BowUng—There is a new women’s bowling class, P. E. W. 63, open Tuesday and Thursday at 2 p. m. There is room for several more women. Apply at Women’s Gym. —ELLIS.
Discussion Group—Meeting Oct. 7 at 7 :30 p. m. in room 2 of Union. —KUEHN.
Union Sophomores — My committee will report to Bob Reid in the Union sub-base-ment at 4 p. m. Oct. 7. —PUTZE.
Purdue Engineer—Staff meet Oct. 7 instead of Oct. 6, except circulation staff. Circulation staff and those who cannot meet on Oct. 7 come Oct. 6. -JONEa
Debate Managers—Sophomores meet in second floor of Union Building at debate office at 4 p. m. Oct. 7. —PERRY.
S«dmb AMTvfto—Wllf tito fiOkmim deoto pleato lebo irtudeat Mb* mmtory, iwm Ytf„ Mnttey CmUttr Hat|, Oet. 8 or 7.
„ O* Baker,. Bnmat, M«ry A^kle, Roth Marion Ham, Hood, Mary Ann Lou&o Lyman, JuHa MaeBgrmid, Jean Maecbtie^ jMw Ann IBsley, Bettoe OweMbenr, HOm tUmlc, Mar^ garet Rickey, Carmen RhmdeneHa, Joan
Roth, Edna Stephan, Helen Summem, CefR-
erfne Wetoinbaek, Jane Wooieoek, Sens
Wynn.
Finer S. AIL E. C. Ambraoen, H L. An-
~ , Ar ■
derson, E. L. Armstrong, F. H. Ankle, J., BBachman, M- J. Bibcock, P. D, rBaekUtt, A- , E. BachmamB. L, Bady^, i. R. Baker, A. 6. B^rTw, Bonnei^. A. Veemer, Henry Baken, J. W. Benjamin, J. W. Bes^ B. C.
ing, W. el Bradfey; W. M. Brandt, H ABraxanski, IL F. Brant, V. B Bremer, H W. Bremer, Chester Brown, H. B. Bruns, Kenneth Brown, Rohert Brown, R. E, Bumting, H L. Batcher, M. V, Campbell, S, W. Campbell. A. B. Carbon. P. W. Carr, J. A. Canlfield, C. H Cavan, W, B. Chapin, C. A. CbUders, B. Christeansen, P. Cbr&rtman, EL LClarkson. J. M. Clem, R. M. Clevehuid, B. A. Cook, B. HL Cooper, 0. B. Cop^ L. I. Cornea, J. K. Corington, J. A. Coortrigbt, J. C. CUrniek, R. W. Cortis. J. A- . DaMmi, J. F. Danielson, J. E. Daugherty, W. P. Davis, Mark Deal, E. 6. Dearie, E. B. Diggins, G, W. Dietz, F. B. Downey, Jean F. Downing, P. A. Driscoll, N. E. Di^breadv J. A. Dnpps, EL M. Dykhnizen, N. E^atz, W. B Elios, L, C. Farquhar, S. T. FarweU, C. M, Fauber, T, B. Ferguson. B. B. Fisher, S. T. Foote, C. W. Forbnrger, D. B Foster, G. G. Foster, W. H
Puller, B. E. Franks.
P. D. Freeman, Louis B. Freyman, T. P. Fuller, L. W. Gable, G. W. Gale, B T. Garty, C. F. Garver, F. W. Gasaway, J. A. Gann, H. E. Gaslin, B C. George, B P. Ginn, G. T. Goff, W. H. Gpwan, L. B Grave, L. F. Greenburg, R. E. Hacker, C. N. HaU, J. T. HaU. M. C. Holloway. B W. HaUett, J. H. Hankinson, E. B Hardin, A. C. Harra, EL Harrington', D. S. Hartman, D. E. Hartley, H. S. Hawes, T. P. Heckman, B W. Heid, L. Heim, R. H. Hillman, B Herbert, B J, Herit^e. B H. Herrold, E. C. Hershelman, B W. Hicks. W. M. Hilt. V. T. Hitchcock, W. Hodges, B M. Hughes, T. J. Hutchison, Maaji Ive, L. Johnson, C. B Jackson, P. G. Jackson, W. F. Jenkins, B F. John, C. R. Jones, E. L. Kaniok, B N. Keen, J. E. Ker--win, M. H. Kennedy, G. Kester, D. B. KUtner, K. Kimmel, W. D. Kise, A. J. Koehlaa, B. J. Koehler, B L. Kuhns, William Kunkle,
T. M. Laurenson, B F. Leeg, J. E. Lentz,
_ ___ -
David Lewis, 6. B Leybold, F. J. Liano, A. Lindeman, H. J. Lucas, W. D. McCauley, R. P. McConnell, B W. McMurtrie, B E. McNeal, L. C. McPhail, E. V. Maechtle, C. T. Manlove, H. W. Markham, EL G. Martin, E. Meers, C. H. Michael. M. J. MiUer, SL O. Mouson, C. B Moore, J. A. Mroz, A, Moecowitz, W. H. Murray, J. B Nesbiti. G. Nicklas, J. B Norris, E. Nuding, B Obenchain, G. ML Oberholtzer, J. E. O’Connor, J. E. O’FarreU, E. M. Otto, W. B Ourand, A. C. Palemo, J. M. Parrett, C. B Peter, B 6. Potter, £. "W. Poto, D. J. 'illainlan. A, F. Raebel. W. C. Raitt, E. F. Pateike, T. L Reese, F. W. Rifenhurgh, B Ren Born, J. B Reser, M. T. Reynolds, M. S. Riddiford, N. H. Riise, T. W. Rose, P. W. Rosebrock, L. A. Roth, W. H. Russee, F. J. Scott, G. F. Scott, R. A. Sherman, P. Sehriber, B G. Schwaegerle, D. P. Seale, J. H. Sears, B. J. Serowick, R. J. Shank, B J. Shaw, M. M. Shendler, G. Shepherd, H. EL Shively. B J. Schrader, I-. Siess, J. ii. Simmons, B L. Slangfater, M. L. Staihm, B. Stark, W. EL Starntt, B P. Seaton, T. P. Stephenson, B C. Stroup, W. F. Study, R. E. Seely, O. O. Surfoce, M. W. Sutton, L. B Swink, A. N. Hiom, J. H. Thompson, S. J. Thursby, W. 'Townsend, J. T. Trembois, W. EL Unger, H. D. Valentine, M. B. VanHoose, B W. Vidie, V. T. Vitkus, P. Vuchinas, B J. Vyverberg, C. B. Waldhaver. B A. Wargo. L. J. Warner, T. A. Weldon, N. B. -WUley, J. G. 'WiUiams, P. H. Wolfaid, J. R. Wood, C. S. Worden. B M.
Young, A. Zimmerman.
—MILLEB
LF Z HAIF MAKES
Reach new heights of pipe-pleasure with Half & Half. Cool as a bill for last year’s dues. Sweet as the proof you don’t owe a dime. Fragrant, fuU-bodied tobacco that won’t bite the tongue—in a tin that won’t bite the fingers. Made by our exclusive modem process including patent No. 1,770,920. SmeUs gooda Makes your pipe welcome anywhere. Tustes gqod* Your password to pleasure!
Not a bit of bite In the tobaoeo or tbo Toloaaopo Tin; wNlelk gets smoltor and smaller as you uso<-u|i tbo tobaoeo. No bitten fingers as you roaeh for a load, oven the last ana.
COgyrighk 193S. Th. AaMctom tialMMn €5*-
A L F Yhs, H A L F
TAe Sa^
FOS riFl oa CIOASITTS
’■ X-i •''% .'I'” !k'5id ^ iri*! if dLek
4- ]!
®I}e ^urbue Cjcponent
m m \ s.’V^ir ■" '■& W-Tf7f”r *■) Weis'S! ' ’» " ^ ' f ^ 4 1 ' ” ' \ “ >f >^.-J !■ ‘- 'I I- “ ^‘t'litl <!" 1 ’
VOLUME XLVIII
LAFAYETTE, INDIANA, WEDNESDAY, OCTOB'fcR T, 1986
NUMBER 18
PIA Party To Feature
Style Show Bob Kelly’s Orchestra Will Play Tomorrow Night For Affair
Bob Kelly’s orchestra will furnish music for the style show to be held tomorrow night at 7 o'clock in the faculty lounge of the Union Building. The style show, sponsored by the Loeb and Hene Department Store, will be the main feature of the P. I. A. dessert party, last of the three get-together affairs given for new co-eds by P. I. A. Guests will be seated at small tables while mannequins parade among them. Dorothy Kuehn, June Lippert, Fay Pendergrass, Virginia Richards and Mary Holtman, all co-eds, will model, while more fashions will be shown by additional mannequins from the Loeb and Hene store. June Lippert is in charge of the party.
Under The Mirror
Cary Vaughn Plays Lead In Playshop ^s
Presentation Of ^%adies Of The Jury
^9
Cary Vaughn, as the leading light of “Ladies of tihe Jury,” will, in her own inimitable style, wind her fellow jurists around her little finger. At the charming rate of 120 words per minute she manages to intimidate the jury into succumbing to her will and staying the night in the jury room. In the sub-basement of the Union Building lie the austere backgrounds against which she will play. In pieces now are the flats and props that will be assembled tomorrow night to form the judicial aspect of a courtroom. The Colonial windows and doors are outlined in ivory woodwork. Buff inset panels relieve the plain fawn colored walls. The mullioned casement windows look out upon the street. The stage crew, having completed this part of the set, are busy constructing elevations for the judge and jury. A realistic rail is being built to surround the pen for witnesses in the case. Architectural details for the en-
Cary Vaughn has the feminine lead in “Ladies of the Jury”, Playshop production for tomorrow night.
tire decorations are borrowed from actual history and both scenes are decorated in the same period.
T
Freshman Knife^ Fork^ Spoon Users— Polish Up Your Habits And Manners
Old Bill Looks at Europe, by Bruce Bairnsfather. Our old friend of war days returns to his old haunts; something of the old dash is lacking, yet the book is amusing and clever. Rich Land, Poor Land, by Stuart Chase. A plea for conservation presented with the graphic power which comes so naturally from the pen of this author. Jawn Dawn, by Robert p. t. Coffin. A novel of seafaring people from the early colonial times to the time of the war between the States; a tale of far horizons, yet intimate and homely. From a Surgeon’s Journal, by Harvey Cushing. A day by day record, of the Great War from 19151918, by one of the most eminent brain specialists told, not only from thr professional angle, but as a soldier who saw service on many fronts. White Oak Harvest, by Mazo De La Roche. One more volume in the annals of this fiction family, whose personal history has hpld the interest of a reading public through several generations. The Big Money, by John Dos Passes. Vivid and interesting are the characters who live between the covers of this book, with its unusual but effective way of presenting them to the reader. White Banners, by Lloyd C. Douglas. A new novel by the author of those popular books. Magnificent Obsession and Green Light; and to know Hannah is a joy. Sycamore Shores, by Clark B. Firestone. River travel and river folk in our own midwest make a magic tale for all who like adventuring by waterways. The Case of the Stuttering Bishop, by Erie S. Gardner. The latest Perry Mason detective story. Moscow Skies, by Maurice Hindus. A first novel by a writer whose books on Russia have been eagerly read. This is a picture of Russia in 1929-1930, a sad and heroic period of the Revolution. Heads and Tales, by Malvina Hoffman. In the Field Museum in Chicago the Hall of Man stands as a monument to the consummate artistry on one person, Malvina Hoffman. This volume is the remarkable story of her many years of travel to strange and fascinating places of the world to find the models for the racial types which she has reproduced with such mastery. Stars and Telescopes, by James Stokley, Probably no branch of science has more amateur contributors whose observations aid the scientists than astronomy. This book for the layman, written by a master, is as complete a summary of the science as can be presented in one volume. The Fort in the Jungle, by Percival C. Wren. Adventure at its best! We see again a member of the French Foreign Legion in action.
By Mary Cooley Freshman eds and co-eds, dust off and polish up your manners at the dinner tables; change mere eating to dining. From the pen of Gelett Burgess, well know essayist, novelist, and author, come a few suggestions on secrets of manners in the August issue of The Readers Digest. Invisible eating is a matter of disguising the process of and avoiding conspicuous, awkward, and unnecessary gesture, which advertise and emphasize your eating. The author pronounces the diner who conscientiously pursues the last precious drops of soup a Usurer (one who takes too much interest). In the same category is the Mulcher, who seizes a slab of bread and smears the entire surface with butter and jam, like a mason applying mortar to a brick wall. Almost unnoticed will pass the act of consuming a small fragment of bread and butter. Extremes
The two extremes in using a knife will m^rk the diner as either aij adept hunter or super-refined surgeon or poet with delicate flourishes. If you want to be considered a native of Patagonia, try touching your knife to your lips. Cutting salads with a knife is Vegicide (wanton cutting of the innocent lettuce leaves). The fork has been in popular use since the middle of the eighteenth century, and it is quite properly used in the left hand as well as the right, according to Emily Post and most English gentlefolk. Beware of putting on Uie American coal-heaver’s
Scribe Notes Oddities In New Fashions
Pearls and rhinestones are becoming quite the thing for ornamental use. Pearls are being worn with suits and sweaters for sports wear. Rhinestone pins are becoming more and more the fashionable way to fasten ascot scarves^ Hair and dress clips set with all types of jewels are being used now by most college women. Rows of buttons set with pearls and rhinestones decorate the front and sleeves of a great many of today’s dfesses.
Birds worn in the hair are becoming quite popular for formal wear, according to the latest reports from style experts. The varigated colored birds are constructed from small feathers.
Stetson and Red Cross are manufacturing a new type of shoe called “Halfways”. They are ankle high and just covering the ankle. Only one co-ed on our campus boasts a pair of these so far. She says that they are exceedingly comfortable. Another point to add to their popularity is the fact that the shoes tend to make the ankle slimmer.
feat with the fork. It is accomplished by assuming that elaborate arrangement of digets known as Banjo Grip, in which the thumb, ring and little fingers are held underneath the handle while the fore and middle fingers are clamped on top. Spooning Use of the spoon also requires caution. Tea need not be stirred long and enthusiastically. When eating, avoid the Front Entrance style, in which the point of the spoon is inserted into the mouth, as many American and all Europeans do. It invariably involves a sem’i-circular motion apt to feature the elbow at the table; but the awkward motion is all right for the administering of little Johnnie’s cod liver oil. Mr. Burgess gives us his Goop rule for eating soup: Like little boats that put to sea I push my spoon AWAY from me. When you are not actually in the act of eating, so many temptations arise. Elbows are anchored on the table, hidden artistic talent comes out by use of a spoon on tablecloth. Different little motions of the hands suggest praying, washing, ironing, and face feeling. Among your acquaintances can you place these character — Stuffing Steve, Elbow Eddie, Loading Lloyd, Dunking Dutchy, Lizzie-Lick-the-Spoon, and Divorced Digit Dorothy ? The latter extends her little finger in attempt ed elegance which seems to say, “See that finger, ain’t I stylish?” Oddities There are countless other oddities we have all seen. The author tries
Honoring King Edward’s Coronation which will be held next spring, colors and fashions are kingly and courtly in their tendency. The emblem of the royal family is being used as decoration. Colors are being named in keeping with this, such as Regal Red.
Fur is being used with abandon on every type of costume. Collars, sleeves, and scarves made of heavy luxuriant fur are universally accepted. Fur is also used to adorn the hem of wool dresses.
FORTUNES ARE THE s4 SHOES
you SEE ADVERTISED
NOTICE
On account of school games, our advanced tap and advanced ballroom classes will be held on Thursday instead of Friday.
Enroll TiiuriyMlay> Oct. 10 pfcMu tm
ALLENS
itib ft Vtrry
We Have of sizes and sQrles in Fortune Shoes ready for you. They're just '*as advertised" in two of ^e leading weeklies in die country. The Saturday Evemng Post and Liberty^ where you read drat “Fogtnne Shoes Are O.K."
Try a |>aii; of Fo^hmes «« • you'll find th^re OX »,, for styl^ finish, leadief and value,
Agents for Friendly $5.00
ind
Bostonians at $6.85 B & W Shoe Co.
121 East Side Square
to impress upon us that good manners proceed primarily from good sense. For example, anything that is eaten from the hand may certainly be taken from the plate with the hand. He concludes the article by emphasizing that eating is a game of skill, in which Art must triumph over Appetite. Invisible Eating, the secret of good table manners, may be acquired by observing the basic theory of all etiquette, which ordains one’s own comfort should be secondary to others.
Co-eds Mastering Art Of Bowling
In alleys more famous than the Beta one, the feminine contingent of the University is learning a new way to bowl over the Purdue eds. Johnny Leahy holds the men’s bowling record with a score of 262, while Margaret Richey maintains the co-ed title with a score of 164. An all-University co-ed bowling team may be organized shortly after Thanksgiving to compete either directly or by wire with teams of other universities. Mr. Stuchy, bowling alley coachi suggests that four co-eds might be selected later for a doubles championship team. He also stated that free instruction is being offered for those interested in learning the game or improving. All team selections will be made by popular vote and comparison of scores.
WAA To Meet Friday To Discuss juraft Course
Members of W. A. A. will meet Friday at 4 o’clock in the* Women’s Gymnasium to discuss plans for a camp craft course. Former camp leaders will be present to give a brief review of the course.
CO-EDS This week end is HOMECOMING and you’ll surely want to look your best. Let us do your work. Our operators are experts! Remember CO-ED DAYS every Thursday and Friday. ’
KIENLY Beauty Studio
Phone 7727
662 Main
A TIP for
so YOU MAY
LOOK YOUR BEST - - -
Look your best for Homecoming... let Purdue, your friends, your fraternity brothers or sorority sisters all be proud of you for this occasion. It comes but once a year—why not do it right?
West Side Cleaners
WE CALL FOR AND DELIVER 222 North Phone 4081 ACROSS FROM FIRE STATION
you played
in the 9s. Game Roomr
In your spare moments drop in for a game of Cards, Checkers, Chess, or your other in-door game.
Tie Purdue Memorial Union
*^The Comer of the Campus, Yet the Center of College Activity*