fe*
% %
Purdu©
H Exponent
Volume 4, No.*4(^
Wednesdc^, AugiutX lS4d
F. Kroeger, EE '13, Mamed Production Manager At Allison With Delco-Remy Since Graduation; War Veteran F. C. Kroeger, EE '13, today will take over the position as manager of the production plant of the Allison En^neering Company, a subsidiary of the General Motors Corporation. Mr. Kroeger will succeed 0. T. Kreusser, who will take charge of organizing company and army training schools for mechanics to work on Allison engines. While at Purdue, Kroeger was a member of Acacia, social fraternity, and Tau Beta Pi, all-engineering honorary fraternity. With Delco Since Graduation Kroeger has been connected with the Deloo-Remy unit of General Motors since his graduation from the University. He has served as manager of the organization’s Delco division at Anderson for the past 11 years. > During World War I he served overseas with the engineering corps of me AEF. Returning after the arm stice he served as chief engineer krom 1921 to 1925, when he was \made factory manager. He served in this Capacity until 1929 when ne was made general manager.
News From Home
Hyde Park, hi. Y.—President Roosevelt yesterday announced plans for a “home defense” program, using American war veterans as a nucleus. The president said that the “home guard” plan was under consideration by the War Department. The “home guard,” he said, would be used in place of state militia if and when the National Guard was called. The president said that he believed that the problem of home defense would have to be effected by the individual states, in the event that the Guard was called.
Washington—Senator James F. Byrnes, (Dem. S. C.) charged the S. S. Kresge Co. of “sand bagging” employees to contribute td the GOP campaign fund. The senator, speaking before the United States Senate, presented a note from an anonymous Kresge employee, which asked employees of the Detroit administration building to contribute to the Willkie campaign fund. C. B. Tuttle, vice-president and treasurer of the company, said that the letter had been sent to fewer than one per cent of the employees in the state of Michigan, and those were only “key men.”
Des Moines, la.—^Wendell Willkie said yesterday, before returning to Colorado, that he favored the continuation of the preseiit farm program unless “a better plan might be found.” Monday the presidential candidate conferred with governors and agricultural leaders from 10 mid-western states on agricultural conditions.
Summer Session Ends Saturday) 6 P. M.
University 'Welcomes' C.F. tester Named
Freshmen September. 7
New Orleans, La.—^Three parishes of southern Louisianna were being evacuated yesterday as a tropical storm, nearing hurricane intensity, blew in from the Gulf. Water threatened to inundate four southern parishes. The Greek freighter Oropos, 3476 tons, was reported out of command in a ^vere tropical storm sweeping north across the Gulf of Mexico.
FIELDHOUSE LOCKERS All students holding fteldhouse locker keys are warned that the keys must be turned in by Saturday afternoon at 5 o’clock. Clothes in all lockers not checked in will be confiscated, fieldhouse attendants
announced.
Prof. R. Cooley Given Alternate Judgeship For Percheron Show Prof. R, B. Cooley of the animal husbandry department has been named alternate judge for the National Percheron show, it was announced tpday by Ellis Mt^arland, secretary of the Percheron Horse Association of America, Chicago. The show, to be held for the second time''at Minnesota state fair, August 24 to September 2, will have entries from at least 10 states, according to McFarland. Premiums totaling more than $6,000, one of the largest sums ever appropriated to draft horse winnings, will be
given.
Early Entries Early entries include Lynnwood Don, two year old junior champion at the International Live Stock show, owned by Charles J. Lynn, Carmel, and Royal Plash, two year old winner at the National Percheron show last year, owned by Dr. H. A. VanOsdal, Indianapolis. Feature of the show is an amateur photography contest with Percherons as subjects of pictures entered. Prizes of $25, $16, and $10 will go to winners, and 10 honorable mention pictures will be nam-
ed.
High Spots Other high spots of the program are a banquet honoring W. H. Butler, Columbus, 0., named “achievement breeder” of the year by the Percheron association for outstanding contributions in Percheron breeding, selection of “Miss Percheron,” equine beauty of the show, a 4-H judging contest, and presentation of trophies by Gov. Harold E. Stassen. Speaker at the banquet will be Dean W. C. Coffey of the University of Minnesota. Chem Engineers Win Summer Session Soft Bali Championship Chem Engineers’ soft ball team defeated Fraternity Row 1-0 Monday night in the play-off for the summer session soft ball championship. The game went seven innings, when the customary five inning game ended in a scoreless tie. The winning pitcher was Herner, and the losing pitcher was Herschelman. The winning run was scored when Dickey, Chem catcher, drove a ball over the left fielder’s head, to score Pauber from first base. Dickey also crossed the plate, but only the winning run was counted in the scdring. Three Hits Each Both teams were credited with three hits. Andy Bylene, of Fraternity Row, got two of his team’s three hits, one a long triple down the left field line. Intra-mural keys will be awarded the members of the Chem Engineers team. Chicago Purdue Club Will Honor Coaches Before All-Star Game The Chicago Purdue Club will hold a special luncheon meeting on Wednesday, August 28, to honor members of the University coaching staft and football teann, prior to the All-Star football game the following evening, it was announced yesterday by Eth Baugh, alumni 'Secretary. . Baugh also announced that the Purdue-Indianapolis Club will have its ^annual fall picnic at the A. F. “Bud” Nook estate, “Crows Nest,” Indianaj^oji|, Saturday, October 24. The affait is primarily an athletic event, honoring Up^Versity athletic staff and players, and outstanding Indianapolis high school athletes.
The 1940 summer session will end Saturday afternoon, with the last final exam at 6 o’clock. School will reopen again Saturday, September 7. Saturday morning and afternoon orientation tests will be held for freshmen and transfer students. School for “old” students will begin at 8 o’clock the following Monday with registration in the armory. Registration will continue through Wednesday; classes will begin Thursday, September 12. , Final examinations will be held during the last three days of the summer session, August 8, 9,10. Students will assemble in the regular class rooms, unless otherwise directed by the in structor in charge. The time for each examination is indicated below. Note that the key hour is the first regular session hour of the week, according to the schedule followed by the class during the summer
session.
Key Hours I. Monday or Tuesday at 8 II. Monday or Tuesday at 6 III. Monday or Tuesday at 11 IV. Monday or Tuesday at 9 V. Monday or Tuesday at 7 VI. Monday or Tuesday at 1 VII. Monday or Tuesday at 10 VIII. Monday or Tuesday at 2 IX. Monday or Tuesday at 3
Examination Period
August 8, 7 to 10 August 8, 11 to 2 August 8, 3 to 6 August 9, 7 to 10 August 9,11 to 2 August 9, 3 to 6 August 10,7 to 10 August 10,11 to 2 August 10, 3 to 6
Johnny Get Your Gun • ' Three willful men, “expressing no opinion but their own,” Monday, faced twelve other members of the United States Senate Military Affairs Committee and bitterly spoke their opposition to repoirting to the Senate a bill whose eventual importance will certainly dwarf any single piece of legislation since 1917. A wierd and powerful collection of bedfellows has organized on the floors of both Houses to force an acrimonius debate on the Burke - Wadsworth compulsory military training bill. The opposition votes of the military committee were cast by Senators Johnson, Thomas, and Lundeen, three names which will figure prominently in the next few weeks as rallying points for the opposition to the bill. The revised bill as reported has scaled down the classification of those subject to the bill’s provisions to 21 to 30 yekrs of age, 400,000 to be called up by October of this year and the remainder of the 4,500,000 in the 21-30 class at the President’s discretion. In the bill as originally drafted appeared the phrase, “The President is authorized ... to defer training and service ... of those men . . . whose work in engineering, chemistry, physics, medicine, or dentistry is found to be necessary to the maintenance of the national health, safety, or interest...” This provision has been stricken from the bill reported to the Senate. It does not r ..essarily follow, however, that such persons affected will not be considered. In regard to the situation of university students under the bill, we have the following letter from Indiana’s junior senator, Sherman Minton, a member of the Senate Military Affairs Committee. Senator Minton’s letter to the “Exponent” states in part: “As you know, this subject is one of the most controversial that has come before Congress in recent years and it is impossible to predict in just what form it will be enacted ... Consideration has been given by the Military Affairs Committee to the position of college students who do not wish their education disrupted by military service, and I feel sure that the legislation' as enacted will provide for a standing army and reserve of adequate strength with the least possible hardship on the young men of the nation. At this early stage of legislation, I am afraid that is about as definite a commitment as can be made on the protection of students. “You may be assured, however, that I shall keep the interests of the students in mind when this legislation is enacted.” Exemptions to the provisions of the bill will notibe a subject for much open debate, such maloderous haggling is more likely to occur through small pressure cliques and lobbies. Those exempted as the bill now stands are officers, legislative, executive, and judicial, of the United States and of the several states, ter-, ritories, and District of Columbia; duly ordained ministers of religion; such persons in a status wherein their exemption is deemed advisable by the President in respect to persons dependent on them for support; and finally so-called conscientious objectors, if such persons can produce a good endhgh sermon before a local examining board to get their claim allowed. Such objectors, nevertheless, wAl be subject to non-combatant service with the military forces. The loud Don Quixotes of the Congress who aije preparing a last ditch battle against the bill include sincere liberals, the comic opera Bundists and Coughlanites, tough hided isolationists, and the die-hard Republicans who are professional haters of (Continued on page 2)
Research Supervisor Carl F. Boester, of St. Louis, Mo., nationally known design and consulting engineer in refrigeration ^nd air conditioning, who by avocation has been a pioneer in the effort to develop a low cost home, has been appbinted Housing Research Supervisor of the University Research Foundation, it was announced recently by G. Stagey Meikle, Research Director of the Foundation. In order to accept the new position which will enable him to stimulate and initiate low-cost housing research through the ideal facilities i provided by the University, the Research Foundation, and the Homes and Community Research Campus established west of the campus some years ago, Boester has given up a successful private practice in
St. :^uis.
Holds Many Patents The neW appointee, who holds many patents in the fields of air conditioning, refrigeration and heat transfer, and has been serving as a consultant to a number of compan'ies in these fields, will concentrate on what he terms “the development of a home which will have construction and operating costs within the realm of the incomes of 70 per cent of the American citizens who are more or less at present denied such
facilities.
“In order to have true iow-cost housing we must have a low maintenance cost,” said Boester, “so that the home owners’ equity is not impaired in the process of acquiring complete ownership. The acquiring of a home is the greatest transaction in the life of most average Americans.” In his research work at Purdue, as a firm believer in the fact that air conditioning is tied in with housing, he intends to concentrate on the development of a low-cost design that will conform to the demands of effective year around low-cost air conditioning. Boester Says ... “The living structure should be built around the air conditioning plant rather than attempt to install make-shift equipment for air conditioning in a type of structure not at all suited for economical operation,” says Boester. Boester is a membe rof the American Society of Heating and Ventilating Engineers and a member of many of their technical committees. He is also a frequent contributor to trade journals ^ on the subjects of air conditioning and heat transfer. Greenwood, Sti. '28 Made Rutgers U. Health Head Dr, Russell Greenwood, Sci. ’28, has been appointed director of the student health service of Rutgers University, New Brunswick, N. J. Dr. Greenwood received his masters degree from the University in 1930 and his M. D. degree from the University of Pennsylvania in 1934. Following his graduation from Purdue he was a member of the University biology department. Dr. L M. Sears ... of the University department of history, government, and economics, has been appointed one of a committee of five Hoosiers to celebrate a century and a quartef of peace on the Canadian border. The celebrations will be held in Fort Wayne and Toledo, Ohio, September 27-29. Other members of the committee are: Dr. I^uis A. Warren, Brown Cooper, Thomas J. Kelly, and Charles N. Foltz.
Recruiting Officer To Interview Men For Naval Reserve Sees Sfudenfs Tomomiw In" Executive Building Lt. Commander F. F. Knachel, USNR, Special Naval Reserve Recruiting Officer for Indiana, will be in Lafayette tomorrow for the purpose of interviewing candidates for class V-7, Naval Reserve Officers training. Age Requirements Candidates must be 19 to 27 years of age, single, American bom, have a minimum of two years college credits. The course leading to commission as Ensign includes a 30 day cruise aboard battleships starting September 30th. Following this, s^cessful candidates will receive Appointments as Midshipman, U. S. Naval Reserve, and will be given a 90 day course at Northwestern University, receiving pay at the rate of 65 dollars per month, during the 90 days
course.
Interviews Interviews will be conducted at the Conference Room (ground floor) Executive Building, Purdue University, from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Thursday, August 8th for all those interested in this opportunity. Indiana is leading the midwest in procurement for this training. A large number of Purd*ue men are now aboard Battleship Wyoming on a cruise to Cuba.
News From Abroad
London—Great Britain and Italy continued their battle for control of the Suez Canal and the Mediterranean yesterday along three fronts. Prom Cairo, Egypt, came word that Italians have started an invasion of British Somaliland, pointed toward the Suez. The Italians have surrounded the British colony. In Libya, Italians were said to be driving along the Mediterranean coast toward Egypt.
London—Citizens of the British Isles were warned yesterday that they must be ready for “waves of German bombers,” which might come soon, possibly within the next two weeks. In bold headlines London papers said it was believed the German air forces had been restored, and that an air invasion from bothd France and German-held Scandinavia was immenant.
Montreal—Camillien Houde, mayor of Montreal, an ardent opponent of dominion conscription, was interned by Canadian “mormties” yesterday imder the war measures act. He was arrested shortly after he had handed newspaper men a statement askiqg Canadians not to consent to the conscription act, to go into effect August 19.
Vichy, France—French workmen under the new government will be paid in proportion to the number in his family, it was aimounced yesterday by Jean Ybamegaray, youth minister. The plan does not include pay for women, who, according to Ybamegaray, “will return to their prime traditional purpose in life— being in their homes, having children, and living only to raise strong, useful men.”
Fowler Hall
... is now in the process of having its face lifted. The entire hall is being repainted, floors resurfaced, and new arm chairs am being installed. f
London—Estimated casualties of the British navy were set yesterday at 6,221, killed or missing, since the war began. Royal air force casualties were fixed at 4,000 for the past 11 months. No casualty list was reported for land forces.
HALL OF MUSIC WORKERS All faculty uembens and at}id«Btt8 who served as ashen in the Mall of Music during the Muafo Festival or Song Fest may fat their pay ah the Ticket Office in the tdkihMna.■'’<^'^i"^ 4„‘ “w/ ^ “ .ii *',,;'I '‘>it “T 1 1 \
\ ‘ ( rt ' , •' v^f^ig- ' ‘‘f'y’ f-i'-'' jj ’ ■-- * ^r ' .' i-i- ^ I ? i -<ii * ‘ , y
i^t \
POBD0E' EXPOHEHT
Wednesday* August 7* 1940 i
Jinudjif. j£dk
With Thh Issue
. . . the Exponent covers its typewriters ^til after Labor Day, when they will again be put into service for the Freshman issue on Saturday, September 7. In the twelve issues that have come out during the summer session we have tried to cover campus news and campus questions as completely as possible with a limited staif. We have voiced both our own opinions and the opinions of our readers at various times during the session. In short we have tried to serve as a clearing house for the campus. ^ In this capacity we wish to continue next fall. We shall continue to improve our news service and we shall continue to voice our own and campus opinion on controversial subjects. In order to do this we need the co-operation of our readers whose letters and voiced comments aid us h\^^determining campus opinion. \ It's A Little Late ... to be congratulating the Boilermaker gridders who were elected to iwsitions on the All-Star squad but it’s not too late to charge them with the task of carrying on where former Boilermakers left off. To Lou Brock falls the task of upholding the tradition that a Boilermaker always starts in the All-Star game. To him also will fall the task of duplicating Cec Isbell’s sensational playing in the 1938 All-Star game. You have a great responsibility, Lou! From Ted Hennis we’re expecting to see some of that drive and hard blocking which paved the way for Boilermaker backs last fall. We only hope that we get to see both Brock aijii^Iennis in action together. Our linesmen, Frank Bykowski and Felix Mackiewicz, are charged with the task of stopping the mighty Packers’ backfield, which last year raced through the best lines in the professional league. You four men are faced with the responsibility of upholding the reputation of Purdue gridiron glory and of justifying the confidence of the loyal fans who supported you so loyally in the .voting. Speaking for the student body who rallied so nobly behind you, we say, continue the “Boilermaker Series” in the All-Star game 1
Johnny Get Your Gun
(Continued from page 1) “That Man.” The usual ubicuitous flood of opposition letters and telegrams to congressmen is to be expected, thus attempting to refute the overwhelming approval of the electorate, as indicated in the Gallup and Fortune polls. The measure has the undiluted support of the Army and men like General Pershing and Secretary Hull, who undoubtedly are qualified to expres sdisinterested opinion. Obviously Americans want no Chamberlain umbrellaism. If this be so, let Americans understand that we need something to back up our vocal chords. j. L. T.
Grads Will Condud State Game Study 1 Five out of the six men recently employed by the State to begin a five year game inventory and management plan for Indiana are grad-^ uates of the University School of Agriculture, four having majored in forestry, according to information received here.
The five Purdue men have been assigned to various districts in the state to launch the work. The name of the men, with headquarters, and territories, are as follows; Maurice C. Reeves, forestry *39, Vincennes, southwest Indiana; L. A. Lubbehusen, agricultural education ’40, Paoli, south central Indi,ana; Ray House, forestry ’38, Madison, southeast Indiana; Will E. Madden, forestry ’40, Rensselaer, northwest Indiana; W. E. Ginn, forestry ’39, Columbia City, northeast Indiana.
WBAA The Voice of Purdue'
TODAY 11:00—Just About Time 11:16—Memory Lane 11:00—Morning Melodies 11:60—^Purdue News Plashes 12:00—^Farm Facts for Farm Folks 12:16—Sports Review—^Interviews on Main St. 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—Market Reports 1:00—^Reli^iouf News—^Rabbi ‘ Simon. 1:16—Meditations 1:30—^Afternoon Melodies 1:46—Monitor Views the News 2:00—Concert Review 2:30—^The Bookman 2:46—Harmony Hall 3:00—For Mother and Dad 3:30—Ether Edit®^"^ 3:46—Miss Dorothy Mackeson— soprano 4:00—Melody Moods 4:16—^Time Out with Allen Prescott 4:30—'ifcventide Echoes 4:46—Story Book Hour THURSDAY 11:00—Morning Melodies 11:16—March Time 11:30—Musical Roi^nd-up 11:60—^Purdue News Plashes 12:00—^Noon Music 12:16—Social Security 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—Market Reports 1:00—Just Relax 1:15—Petite Musicale 1:46—Monitor Views the News 2:00—A Story A Day 2:30—Parent Forum 2:45—^Treasure Chest 3:00—Symphony Hall 3:46—News of the Week 4:00—Tea Time Tunes 4:30—Eventide Echoes 4’45—Story Book Hour FRIDAY 11:00—Just About Time 11:16—Memory Lane 11:30—Musical Round-up 11:60—Purdue News Plashes 12:00—Ag. Forum 12:15—Sports Review 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—Market Reports 1:00—^Home on the Land 1:16—Mary Louise Switzer— pianist 1:30—^Afternoon Melodies 1:46—Monitor Views the News 2:00—A Story A Day 2:16—Magic Carpet 2:30—Parade of Business 2:45—Rhythm on Strings 3:00—Harmony Hall 3:30—Organ Moods—Glenn Paxton 4:00—Mrs. Ruth Schlott—soprano 4:30—Eventide Echoes 4:46—Story Book Hour SATURDAY 11:00—Just Kids 11:15—Carolyn Wood—soprano 11:30—Musical Round-up 12:00—^Market Reports 12:15—^Woman Shopper 12:30—Meet the Band 12:46—Market Reports 1:00—Radio Stage 1:46—Monitor Views the News 2:00—Stamp Club 2:16—Petite Musicale 3:00—Melody Maids 3:16—People You’d Lake To Meet 3:45—^Eventide Echoes
Dr. Greene To Attend Vegetable Growers
Indiana AssodafiOn Of Swine Judges Hold
Meeting August 26 52nd Annual Meeting
Indiana will be well represented at the thirty-second annual convention of the Vegetable Growers Association of America, scheduled for four days in Philadelphia, beginning August 26. This is reported Gy Dr. Laurenz Greene, head of the University horticulture department. Predirting an attendance in excess of 1,000 persons, Greene says the meeting will be one of the largest ever helA by the VGA. Highlights of the convention will include an educational program on which nationally-recognized authorities wil lappear, tours through intensive vegetable producing areas of Pennsylvania and South Jersey, and field demonstrations of all types of vegetable machinery. FFA Special Feature Vegetable judging contests and demonstrations have been arranged as special'features of the program for members of 4-H clubs and the Future Farmers of America. A special program has been arranged for women. Harry F. Hohlt, Indianapolis, and O. K. Owen, Terre Haute, were named as members of the attendance committee. Robert Arvidson, Lafayette, for many years prominent in 4-H club activities, was selected as one of t weommbers at large to serve on the National Junior Vegetable Growers’ Association Executive Committee.
Microfilms of daily newspapers are being made at the University of Michigan library in order to conserve storage space. '
AIR CONE»ITiOKED COOL
—TODAY— —DOUBLE FEATURE— JAMES CAGNEY GEORGE RAFT — IN — EACH DAWN I DIE — PLUS— Shine On Harvest Moon — WITH — LULU BELLE & SCOTTY Famous WLS Radio Stars
STARTS THURSDAY DOUBLE FEATURE
Drama That Packs A Wallop A Minutel THE CROWD ROARS — WITH — ROBERT TAYLOR MAUREEN O'SULIVAN — PLUS — SWING YOUR LADY — WITHs^, HUMPHREY BOGART LOUISE FAZENDA
Convert Your Used Books Into
We Pay
CASH
• FOR ALL ACTIVE TEXTS 50% IN CASH 60% IN TRADE • Highest Market for cdl ^Inactive Texts.
SOUTHUORTH’S
308 Stcde St.
West Lofayette
Over 160 persons interested in swine judging inspected and graded ten classes of breeding hogs yesterday on the University Farm at the 52nd annual meeting and judging school of the Indiana Association of Expert Swine Judges. Judging began at 10 o’clock yesterday morning, and continued through the afternoon. Tom Parkinson, assistant county agricultural agent in Henry county, ■sras presented with a plaque of honor by Association president Arthur Tomson, of Wabash, after the morning’s judging. Parkinson scored 627 points out of a possible 660 at last year’s judging school and was high man in the judging. This award was made for the first time this year, and will become the permanent possession of the man who first wins it three times in successiouT Certificates Issued Swine judging certificates were issued after the school to persons who successfully met the standards set by the association. Each student judged ten classes of hogs selected from the five breeds available on the Purdue Farm.
COOL WASHED AIR
-LAST TIMES TODAYROY ROGERS
will BlOrCf ‘'CARBr* HAYES
• and —
STAN LAUREL OLIVER HARDY — IN — "THE FLYING DEUCES" — ALSO — "Terry and the Pirates" Serial
THUR. - FRI. - SAT.— DYNAMITI HmEM
— AND —
Mini ait aoMi WHITE FLASH
— ALSO — 'DRUMS OF FU MANCHU" FIRST RUN PATHE NEWS
HEALTHFULLY COOLED MARS TOMORROW - FRIDAY
STARTS SATURDAY caw at
CME FME • UM m • ROSCOE KMW
LAST TIMES TODAY 'ANDY HARDY MEETS DEBUTANTE'
Staff Contributes To 'Hoosier Horficulfure' Two articles by Monroe McCoym, horticultural specialist of the University Agricultural extension service, are prominently featured in the August issue of “Hoosier Horticulture,” monthly publication of the Indiana Horticultural Society, which, has just come off the press. In one article, McCown discusses “Our Raspberry Problems,” while in the other he takes up methods of reducing pre-harvest apple drop by spraying. The Aug^ust issue also contains “Random Hort Notes” by W. B. Ward, of the University staff; a story concerning the summer meeting of the Indiana Horticultural Society to be held here on August 23; a description of the annual strawberry festival held at Jasper on June 8, and a technical article on “What Happened to the Bloom?” by Richard H. Sudds, associate and extension horticulturist of West Virginia, University.
The dateline “Thursday, February 29” won’t appear on newspapers again until 1968.
MOVED TO
THE —
For The Rest cif The Week
new and joyous escapade Willi the Hardys u New York! mcrmnDy DSSUT4INT€. M.6-M Pkhir. wtlli Mickey Roeoey • Lewis Stone,, Fey doklee Cedlle Feik^ ludy Seilend
STARTS SUNDAY
Ray Milland* Patricia Morison AkimTamiroff.» « UMTAm
HEALTHFULLY COOLED LUMA —THUR. - FRI. - SAT.—
Plus .. . 2nd Feature . 1. CARROL NAIBH JEAN CAGNEY -.-m—
LAST DAY—2 FEATURES MADELEINE CARROLL — IN — "MY SON, .MY SON" — ALSQ-O. MERLE OBERON — IN — "OVER THE MOON"
%
m
avmm
Wedn^oy* August..?. 1940
PURDUE EXPONENT
This 1"*^’* I Unions
By Joseph Patrick Dolan Saturday night we fell into a conversation with Bud Taylor, SA.A president, and he informed us of the disgusting information that the ’40 Purdue band would be given a trip to Columbus, O., instead of the hoped-for Pordham jaimt. -I-I— It seems almost impossible that a school of Purdue’s fame and name for gridiron exploits should allow such a remarkable medium of advertisement as its awe-inspiring military band to cavort around the middle-west where it has been s6en and marveled at when it could set N. Y. "afire.” —I-I—• We made a trip through the East during spring’s vacation last year, and the impression made by Indiana’s "fair” band almost had yotirs truely believeing that the lU outfit had held-out on the Purdtte crowd, but we know it didn’t. Indiana’s band was used at Boston during the ’38" grid season hnd at New York last season when the Hoosiers met Pordham. , —I-I— Purdue’s band has no logical trips this season with the* Northwestern game not scheduled and the Chicago game transfered here and then dropped. Indiana, playing here, knocks out the Bloomington trip; therefore, the only remaining possibility for a trip was to Columbus, East Lansing, Minneapolis, Iowa City, or the big city. —I-I— It injures my ego to think that Indiana’s band is known in the East^ a^ the "Country’s Best.” And to think our own “Spots” Emerick and Company could change that Eastern contention in a few minutes performance. If Indiana’s musicians went East—^WHY can’t ours’?
PinaKdecision hasn’t Ibeen made as yet|^ let’s hope that between now aim October, some conservative heads around here give these swell fellows in our band and fheii- grand leader a thought of consideration for what that band has contributed to Purdue, and I do mean Purdue. —r-i— We visited a summer session class the other morning and witnessed a former college athlete conducting a teacher’s training class in the education department, iii an admirable faraion. His name—^Dr. I. Brasch, and as a college athlete he performed for Cincinnati U., playing regular end on the great C. U. team that was imdefeated in ’36, the season that saw Cincinnati beat Indiana and I. U. defeat Pur-* due’s best efforts. -I-I— Brasch, as a teacher, shows the moi^t appreciated and beneficial derivative of intercollegiate football dr aithletiics — consideration for others. And from this admirable acquirable trait emanates his philosophy of teaching, that of giving the student It break. And he follows that philosophy to a “T.” " -I-I— Well it’s time to rest the old typewriter for a month or so; so until September 9th, it’s “30” — and will someone please bring back to school a bowling team to defeat MillmT’s pill-rollers—^we tried—and failed. Richard Ainslie . . . PE ’39, has been appointed assistant football and basketball coach at Whitman College, Walla Walla, Washington. He will leave the latter part of August to take over his athletic duties. First Lieutenants . . , John M. Wassman, ’37, Edward McMaken, ’34, and Second Lieutenant James R. Burkhart, '36, have been ordered to the University military department, it was recently announced. All of the officers are Purdue graduates.
CONVENIENT For You The UNION barber shop
Here you can get all types of barber work» at your convenience, by expert barbers, in clean surroundings, with modern equipment. Wlenty of chairs and barbers insure quick
service.
On the Ground Floor in 1 JAil fiWidjUJL TITsinufdtxL lAniofL The Comer of the Campm— ^ Yef the Center of AcUviUee
Bold cmd Black The ^th dloinmn
Ye editor sez thank somebody that this long-drawn out summer school is about over! It seems to VB that ole Dan Cupid left us this summer, since we know of only one pin that flew this summer.- It Seems that the Beta’s can give away theif pins when the rest of us have our troubles! Since when have the Sigs and the Sig Ep’s become so prudent? —B&B— Seems as tho a red lantern was found on the door knob of the Alpha Xi Delta’house early Sunday morning, and the boys then became soft hearted and removed the lantern! —B & B— Your columnist likes the way Jim Conners, Sig pledge flash, makes a Statement, and then goes ahead and keeps it to the letter. Early in the summer Jim promised to give the co-eds a break and he has spent the summer doing just as he promised. Don’t you think he has done a good job Miss Williams? * —^ B— ^ The following letter was picked up on the campus. The letter had a I^ensselaer, Indiana, postmark. Let this be a word of warning to all good men. It seems that they are all alike—can’t make up their minds! Hello XXXXX: I’m sorry—^but Phyllis is having a birthday party on the same night and I already have a date to it—I wiU admit it’s tempting, but I want you to hear this from me rather than others—I am getting a diamond the beginning of August and it wouldn’t be quite fair all the way around. I suppose it sounds silly and insignificant to say, “I hope we can be friends and talk things over— drink cokes together, etc.—^not be childish and ignore each other.” With lots of luck, Me. Mariana Wilson . . . Sci. ’40, has taken a position in the executive hranch of the Baltimore Community Chest fund, Baltimore, Md.
All we know is what we read in the papers. They say President Roosevelt wants permissiorW;o call the national guard foj? a year’s training. That, plus the passage of the Burke - Wadsworth conscription bill would put everyone in the country who wears a uniform at the beck and call of the chief executive. Except street car conductors and bell hops. V V He And hell, nobody can get hold of them. He « He That conscription bill strikes our fancy. The way they keep switching the age limits though has us busy trying to see if we’re eligible or not. No sense in getting married unless ,we have to. ^ # * * We figure they’ll quit playing around when the last senator gets his last relative’s age filed. Then they can build an age limit and exemption schedule around that list. We only wish they would hurry. Our drivers license is nearly worn out from changing the birth date. * * ♦ Loqks like^the old men can come out of their shells and start blowing again about how they would go if they could though. The age has dropped 36 years in less than that number of days. At that rate it won’t be long before the boy scouts will have to take to cover. * Hi * The biggest trouble in this war, next to the lack of machines, is skilled technicians to run them. We’ve got the solution for the tank corps'though.
The Purdue Exponent
Kntend mcohA dwa wmtUe et Um poet te lolaretu, mdims, wnAot Om act ot Ooatemo «f liaedi i, 1S79. aa4 at the •vedal fata df vaatagia pteoUei tom iaf aeetion llOt, aet ot OetolMr $, 1M7, oatbombud ItatOMMp 20, 1922. Pnblialiad BmOp aaeapt Monimr Oarfatr tite nlaf aeadenle yaar aad trodiip the eumwat flaaaion. SniMcrintUnia faaJM tor M aaala, PeUioatlm Staff Editar-iB-<9iieC R. W. Uonahaa Newa IMitor ______ Jf. JL tUKoo llanaaiiiK KdHor — D. K. Shsipla AsBoeiate Editors: J. A. rnKcll, J. L. Trancott. IniMaa Staff lioeal Adrartialiia: n 8. Powan, G. C. Laadaxa; Civealatioa Manager, B. at Baetanwald.
Editor
— CsaM apoffia dPiaii s
P. Dolaa
Pfie«M: IdHariai 4005; Beaiaiat 503t; Spofta 2792 Kepreaented for natkmal adrertkiag hr Matioaal AdvertisiBg Scrrica, Ine., CoUega PahUahers B^raaeataUraa. 420 Madison Are., Mew York. M. Y.
Sunday drivers. Think of the havoc those boys could create if yon turned them loose. * o o At least if experience counts for anything, a ' ♦ ♦ General Pershing came out of a long silence the other day to advise the sale ^ our navy to the British or at least 50 destroyers. We’re in favor of that. Not that we believe in helping them, but it would be good business if we could get away with it. We saw the destroyers in the news reel.—dkh
Classified Ads Russ—^Rent-A-Car Service. Cars for all occasions. Min. $2.50 all night. Phone 71644. Lost: A Sigma Phi Epsilon fraternity pin Saturday, August 3 between Union and Sig Ep house via library. Call Thomson at 3301. Re-* ward. , ^ For Rent—^Room in private home. Instructor or employed persons. Gentlemen preferred. 229 Connolly.
Collegiate Sports
DAILY IN
Tlie Purdue Exponent
Subscriptions On Sale Starting August 29
Letter To The Editor
Dear Mr. Donahue: As one of the Co-Chairmen of the Music Appreciation Program in Lafayette, I want to express to your our gratefulness for the part whibh the Purdue Exponent has played in this worthwhile activity. Perhaps our greatest of all appreciation goes to you in making this project a success, and a number of people in Lafayette helped in this project. When we were completely baffled and discouraged over the fact that •we cou^ not find a place to carry on the Music Appreciation Program, it was the Purdue Exponent who came to our rescue. I can not tell you how much we appreciate the excellent cooperation and con-
sideration given by you and. your entire staff. The Music Appreciation Program has now closed and while I know you will be happy to have this material out of your way in your business offices on Fifth Street, I hope that you will not be unmindful of the fact that you have had no small part in this Program and that you have added your assistance in contributing to the cultural life of Lafayette and vicinity. Sincerely yours, Albert P. Stewart Co-chairman Lafayette Music Appreciation Program.
Bradley Polsrtechnic Institute offers a course in watch making.
The University of Vermont in 1941 will celebrate the sesquicentennial anniversary of its founding.
CASH For Used Books Highest price paifdi for all your books whether Used at Purdue or NOT. . UNIVERSITY BOOK STORE M. C. Sammom, «29 R. W. Epple, *40 Next to College Inn
Before You Make That Trip Home After Finals— ’ Have your car tuned up by Anderson’s expert mechanics. You will be surprised at the improvement in performance. / ♦ Peter inderson Company
6th and Alabama Streets
“After You We Come First”\
sp
PUHDUE EXPONfelNT
A.
.\ Wednesday, August..?, 1940
This Foolish Conscription Plan Editor’s Note: In the Ball State News we found this editorial on the pending conscription bill. Although the stand taken by the News is contrary to that of the Exponent we print it here as student comment on federal legislation directly affecting student life. On the wings of the great conflict now waging in Europe comes# war scare of almost unprecedented proportions in the United States. Every war scare is the signal for normally sound men to lose their heads, so to speak, and act like frightened rabbits in a forest fire. The latest sign of wholesale panic among otherwise steady minds, is the proposed compulsory military training program, otherwise known as the “Selective Training and Service Act of 1940” (so named in Section 15 of the act), drafted by the Senate military affairs committee, and at the time of this writing ready for presentation to the Senate. Proof of the great alarm sweeping the country lies in the fact that should the above-mentioned act go through, it will be the first compulsory military training program in peacetime history of the nation. And for what end? The Senate bill is titled “To protect the integrity and institutions of the United States through a system of selective compulsory military training and service.” War Department spokesmen say the present voluntary system of enlistment will no provide enough manpower quickly enough to handle the increased national defense machinery already voted by Congress. But, may we ask, how many men will the country need to handle the new defense machinery "legislated? The act calls for the training of 42,000,000 men, and where, may we ask again, does the government intend using that much manpower ? Surely the authors and backers of the measure are expecting a blitz every two or three years, when, in fact, the likelihood of an invasion is far remote. We are plainly and simply going to pieces under the sheer weight of wartime propaganda—cracking under the strain, as it were. The conscription seems a poor excuse for draftihg the country’s most able-bodied men—^upon whom the future of the United States must depend—^for a year’s intensive training just for the exercise. It doesn’t require much brainwork to see how such a useless” program will disrupt the economic order of the Uiiited States and cause a great deal of needless concern; the physicological effect of the mass military program will be to demoralize the country further, UntiPa stampede is brought about from which it will be extremely difficult to recover. If some of our so-called intelligent citizens had kept their heads, the impending dilemma wouldn’t have been initiated in the first place. , Preparedness is an excellent thing, and we believe in it wholeheartedly when carried to a reasonable extent, but why call to the colors great reserves of men who, in every probability, will never see action and who could be utilized in a sensible, productive capacity the time spent in learning the proper etiquette of handling a gun ? If the conscription bill is passed, the first group to be registered will be those from 21 to 31 years of age, totaling 12,000,000 men, according to the present figures, of whom the army plans to induct 400,000 into active training by October 1. There are approximately 13,000,000 in the 31-45 group, 13,000,000 in the 45-65 group, and roughly 3,800,000 in the 18-21 class. Why the government should deem it necessary to amass so large a number of reserves is more than common sense can understand, especially when it is remembered that 24,000,000 men were registered in the World War draft, only 17,000,000 of whom were given classification ratings, and but 3,000,000 of whom were drafted for active service. To make the proposed draft all the more unnecessary, the United States has a number of organizations already well prepared for defense of the country. Among these are the regular Army, the Navy, the Marine Corps, the Coast Guard, the federally recognized active National Guard, the Officers’ Reserve Corps, the regular Army Reserves, the enlisted leserve corps, the Naval reserve, and the Marine Corps reserve. Sad to relate, much of this fear and war agitation, incfuding the conscription under discussion, is passed along to us by men in various capacities, too old to see active service themselves, who deliberately urge the younger set of the nation to fight the fights that they prescribe. Nothing IS more shameful and cowardly in the light of our own great democratic government. Concerning the compulsory military training bill, the old agitators may be confidently secure in the feeling that they won’t be called upon to engage in serious military service, even though the bill does call for the enlistment of men whose ages range all the way from 18 to 64. Why? Let’s take a look at Section 2, part b of the act; it states, “Men registered shall be divided into two main categories: (I) Men between the ages of 21 and 45, who shall be liable for training and service in the land and naval forces of the United States; and (II) Men between the ages of 18 and 21 and between the ages of 45 and 64, who shall be liable for training and service in or near the communities and areas in which they reside in such home-defeijse units of land and naval forces of the United States as are now established or as may hereafter be authorized by Congress.” This means, of course, that those of active fighting age will be liable to active service, while those gray-beards who champion the bill and who refuse to risk their own necks will only be subject to dabbling around the home community. The great majority of older men are, to be sure, in sympathy with youth, but it would’t be a bad idea to round up that obnoxious minority of self-styled sages who do all the agitating from behind typewriters and closed doors, and place them on the firing line. The air would be good for them. « It is lamentable to note, too, that only the best men will be accepted in the draft, so that the weak will, of necessity, be left to run the counry’s machinery in case the drafted ones are killed off. It’s the sort of thing
where “you kill my man and I’ll kill yours, but be sure that your man is as excellent a specimen of manhood as is mine, because I refuse to kill any but the very best.” In order to give some idea as to how good a man must be to be eligible for slaughter, it will be noted that the army has been rejecting one out of thred volunteers, chiefly for physical disabilities. The army does not waii't men less than 5 feet 4 inches tall, under 120 pounds in weight, nor with a chest expansion of less than two inches; nor will a men be accepted if he stands more than 6 feet 6 inches in his socks. A recruit must have at least twelve teeth, “properly located for biting and chewing,” and bqth thumbs. He is turned away if he has pronounced flat feet, extreme knockknees, or decided bow-legs. And, ironically, an additional cause for rejection is “extreme ugliness of face.” We, as teachers, are probably speculating as to whether those engaged in the teaching profession will be called upon to do their bit under the conscription prograih. The answer doesn’t lie within this writer’s means, but we -will quote a passage^ the bill and leave you to your own conjectures. Under Section 6CCthe act'states, “The President is authorized, under such regulations as he may prescribe, to defer training and service in the land and naval forces of the United States of those men whose employment in industry, agriculture, or other occupations or employment ' is found to be necessary to the maintenance of the national health, safety, or INTEREST, and the President shall defer training and service in the land and naval forces of the United States or regular or duly ordained ^ ministers of religio nengaged in the regular discharge of their ministerial duties.” The natural inference would be that the teaching profession is necessary to the maintenance of the national INTEREST, but this question will remain unsolved until and unless the bill goes through. If it so happens that we, as American reserve youths, are called upon to defend United States soil, then will we cast our lot along with the Army and Navy and fight toe to toe with them in the struggle for freedom from oppression; in the meantime, let us live in peace and happiness while we may, without the added ordeal of cringing at every rising of the sun. Of course, we realize that nothing we can do or say at this late date can have any bearing on the possible defeat of the “Selective Training, and Service Act of 1940,” but at least we are free to express our views on the matter—or are we ? It is up to us as individuals to keep our heads on our shoulders and act in the intelligent manaer expected of mature United States citizens. But if in the future we do chance to lose our heads, let’s do it gracefully, not like a fool in the forest.—Leonard Davis, Editor Ball State News.
Five University ROTC Officers Transferred To New Posts It was announced yesterday from Washington that Major Ross Warren, of the University ROTC was'ordered to Fort ^ill, Olka. Captains Conrad Boyle, Ralph Hubard, Roy Hattan, and Charles Wiselogel have been transferred to Port Bragg, N. C.
The University of South Carolina extension division conducts a safety schbol for truck and bus drivers.
It Pays to Advertise in the Summer Exponent
(■!
0
PoulfrymenToMeef Here August 21-23 For 4th Training School The fourth annual training school for flock selecting and pullorum testing agents who expect to cull and test hatchery flocks under the National Poultry Improvement Plan in Indiana will be held here, August 21-23, according to an announcement by William Kohlmeyer, secretary of the State Poultry Association of Indiana, and Purdue University Extension Poultryman. Hatchery participation in the poultry improvement program has grown rapidly, Kohlmeyer points out. Three years ago there were 39 Indiana hatcheries operating under its provisions. For the 1939 hatching season the number grew to 75, and last spring 94 hatcheries took part in the work. Present indications point to a further increase for 1941. The first two days of the training school ■will be devoted to the study and practice of flock selection and testing for pullorum disease. The final day will be occupied by a review and examination. Those who have obtained certificates in past years need attend only the last day. Hatchery operators or employees who have not attended pre'vious schools will need to attend all three days if they wish to qualify for permits to conduct official culling and testing. * At the close of the school appropriate certificates will be awarded to those suc9essfully completing the work, if the hatchery they represent expects to carry out this super'vised improvement program.
4f>
Seed Technologist Is Stationed Here
C. R. Clark, who recently accepted a position !as associate seed technologist with the Agnclutural Marketing Service, United States Department of Agriculture, has been stationed at^’the University to handle the administration of the Federal Seed Act for seven Midwestern states and to be in charge of the Indiana Federal-State Cooperative Seed Laboratory, situated here. Clark, who for the last 20 years has been a pure seed specialist, in charge of seed distri^tion at the Northwest School and Station, Uniiversity of Minnesota, Crookston, Minn., •will be in charge of the enforcement of the Federal Seed Act in Indiana, Minnesota, Wisconsin, Michigan, Illinois, Ohio, and Kentucky, working in co-opera1^on with these respective states’ seed laboratories. In addition, Clark will be in charge of the Indiana seed laboratory. The seed technologist was graduated from the University of Wisconsin and earned a M. S. degree from the University of Minnesota.
Preserve The Interior And Exterior of your house ivith Pittsburg Paints We Carry a Complete Line of Mirrors and Window Gloss HUNECK'S GLASS AND PAINT CO. 826 Mean St. Phone 3841
It doesn’t matter what you need . . . new furniture for your college home or paint to brighten your house...
SORORITIES aud FRATERNITIES
^lan now to repair your home for Sept. Improve Your Rushing By Improving The Looks of Your Home
You can’t do better than Lafayette prices . . . Quick turn over enables the Lafayette merchants to carry complete and modem merchandise. a You can always depend upon the Lafayette merchant to give you what you want when yota want it.
L.
FOR ECONOMY AND SERVICE PATRONIZE YOUR LOCAL MERCHANTS
4}
♦i)
4!)
ht