• ^ 4s:
fl Purdue @ Exponent
Volume 51, No. 65
Wednesday, November 2S, 1939
Johnny 'Scat' Davis •
. . . and his orchestra will play for the Union formal Friday evening despite the fact that only the old portion of the ballroom will be available for use. Davis will bring his entire show with him directly from the Blackhawk Restaurant in Chicago where he recently finished a long term engagement. “Scat” is a native Hopsier boy, he was born in Terre Haute to be exact, who made the grade in the Wilderness that is Hollywood. Tickets for the dance, which will mark the opening of Union Week, are available at the west desk of the Union. •
Prom, Gaia Week Petitioners
Boilermaker
GALA WEEK
PROM
Roger Anderson
Myra McKee
Hugh Del Valle
Jim Ogden
Ely Yeager
Harry Bramberry
Hank Miller
Stuart Armstrong
Harold Kolb
Paul Hamman
Francis Raebig
Bob Ralstan
Harold Todd
Progressive
GALA WEEK
PROM
Bill Gobbille
James Ourand
Don Meyers
John Van Horn .
Lawrence Archibald Virginia Royce
Pat Heine
John Post
Benny Burns
George Frey
Marvin Keller
Gilbert Kegerreis
Dan Heiple
Unaffiliated
Jean Jones
Petitions may still be obtained from the Senate office until Friday, De-
cember 1, at 5:30 p.
m. Both the Progressive and Boilermaker parties
are complete, but any junior or senior may run for a Prom or Gala Week
position unaffiliated.
'
This Afternoon Is Final Deadline for Debris Beauty Contest Entries
With 5:30 this afternoon the deadline for entries in the Deliris beauty contest and 126 co-eds already entered, all indications point to the largest contest in the history of the University. Further entries must be placed in the red box at the west desk of the Union before the dead-
line tonight.
Rehearsals today at 4 p. m. in the reception room of the Union and tomorrow night in the ballroom must be attended by those entries wishing to participate in the contest Saturday night. The rehearsal sponsored by the Student Union, will include poise and carriage instruction by Mrs. Henderson, for-
mer model.
The committee in charge is awaiting word from Zack Mosley, cartoonist famous for his beautiful women in “Smiling Jack,” as to whether he will be able to attend the contest in the capacity of judge. One of the other judges, Jerry CarIon of Dexheimer-Carlon studios has definitely accepted. At the conclusion of the contest Saturday the four queens will be presented with orchids and will reign at the mixer afterwards. During the contest, Bill Martin, mixer maestro for the evening, will fur-
nish music.
The following names bring the list published in yesterday’s Exponent up to date. They are as fol-
lows;
Esther Gilmore, Carolyn Smith,
Annabelle Teeter, Marian Johnson, Mary Jean Sefton, Jean Shake, Mary Glen Yeager, Faith Wayne, Helen McCabe, Jean Ann Burkhol-
der, Beth Amos, Ruth Thelen. Carolyn Lemon, Yvonne Price,
Martha Lommel, LaVerne Baus, Barbara Roderick, Jo Fleager, Peg Meagher, Jane Winterrowd, Delora Nichols, Tena Macak, Bunny Evans,
Muriel Smith, Nelda Wood. Jean Horr, Marjorie Patrick, Jean
Niewold, Maribeth Sharp, MariLou Thelen, Ann Manders, Reva Richmond, Jean Ann Glasgow, Ella Lou Sexon, Betty Campbell, Mary Ruth Craig, Barbara Waid, Beverly Bak-
er, Meredith Gene Kirkpatrick.
Prof. Arnold
. . . will explain and discuss the applications of the little-known engineering subject, nomography, at the regular AIEE meeting tonight at 7 in room 134 of the EE building. In many routine computations the nomographic method is found to be superior to the slide rule. Opportunity will be given to ask individual questions of the speaker.
NY A Checks
... for the period ending November 7, are available at the cashier’s
office.
Banquet Closes Gridiron Season
Beauty Counselor To Speak At Charm School Today At 4 “Your Mirror Can Reveal Loveliness,” will be the subject of Chariot Eldred, Detroit Regional Manager for BeautyCounselors, who will speak at the WSGA-YWCA Charm School at 4 o’clock this afternoon in the women’s lounge of thd Union. Mrs. Eldred will tell of make-up tricks, good grooming, and give general pointers on looking your best. Personal Interview Personal interviews will be conducted by Mrs. Eldred tomorrow, from 9 a. m. to 5:30 p. m. in the old Agriculturist office on the second floor of the Union. All co-eds are invited to talk to Mrs. Eldred, who will advise them on correct make-up for each individual. Any co-ed desiring a facial may receive one. Anne Hey and Marjorie Baumgart will be in charge of signing girls up at the office. Mrs. Eldred, a graduate of LawHeywood School, Stamford, Conn., studied art in Boston, Mass. ,at the School of Pine Arts Crafts and Decorative Design. She is now supervising the activities of approximately one thousand beauty counselors in the Middle West. Injured Student Out Of Danger Emmett P. Hamer, ME ’40, is reported to be improving and out of danger. In his recent airplane crackup while on Thanksgiving vacation in Ohio he suffered double fracture of both ankles, a broken jaw, and minor cuts on the body. Mary Lincoln, a neighbor girl and friend of the Hamer family who was up with him at the time, is reported to still be in danger since she is suffering from a broken pelvic bone, double fracture of both ankles, and numerous body bruises. The plane, property of the Flying Club, was badly damaged. However, airport officials stated that they expect to salvage the motor, wheels and some miscellaneous equipment. Dr. Beard Plans To Visit Campus A number of campus organizations, including both students and faculty, will have the opportunity of meeting Dr. Charles A. Beard, distinguished American historian, who will be on the campus from Friday through Monday. Friday noon Dr. Beard will be guest of honor at a luncheon with President Elliott and the deans; will meet at 4 o’clock with the faculty committee on the state of the University; attend the high school debate banquet, and meet later that evening with the Student Activities Bureau, the Student Alliance, and the Cosmopolitan Club. E.H. Boor Will Address SAE Meeting Tonight Members of the Purdue section of the Society of Automotive Engineers will hold their second meeting of the year today at 7:30 p. m. in the reception room of the Union building. The guest speaker will be P. H. Boor, chief engineer of the Fairfield Gear Co. in Lafayette. Mr. Boor will present the more practical side of gear designing to the audience. Phi Mu .... social sorority, announces the pledging of Elaine Carson, Bremen.
He's Captain Davids Now
Rankin Elected 1940 Captain; Bykowski Named Most Valuable Player At Annual Kiwanis Banquet More than 500 persons spelled the grand finale of the 1939 Boilermaker football season at the annual Kiwanis Club gridiron banquet in the Union Building last night, at which were announced the election of Dave Rankin as 1940 captain and Frank Bykowski as most valuable player for the season which was concluded Saturday with the third straight victory ov6r In-
diana.
Smith, Tribune Wilfred Smith, Chicago Tribune sports writer, was the principal speaker of the evening. Major, minor, and “B” team awards were announced' at the banquet. Tom Mellon, of Lowell, was presented the ^old watch which is awarded annually by the Alumni association to the freshman who shows the most improvement during spring practice. Among Those Present The Boilermakers coaching staff and prominent guests were introduced during the course of the evening. Among those who made brief remarks were Eth Baugh, alumni secretary; Noble E. Kizer, University Athletic director; Jim Purvis, former Gold and Black halfback; and Elmer Burnham, freshman
coach.
Others were Jesse Harper, former Notre Dame athletic director and football coach; Mal Elward, whose 1939 team finished third in the Big Ten; Pop Doan, who presented the Old Oaken Bucket for Jack Brown to attach the tenth “P” link on the chain; Frank Bykowski, most valuable player; Captain Dave Rankin; Bill Dunshee, cheerleader, and Pres. E. C. Elliott, who made the closing talk. The complete list of awards fol-
lows:
Major Letters Morris Aronson, South Bend; Gene Britt, West Lafayette; Lou Brock, Stafford, Kas.; Jack Brown, Indianapolis; Mike Byelene, Massillon, Ohio; Prank Bykowski, South Bend; William Combs, Lowell; Leon DeWitte, Mishawaka; George Gale, Mishawaka; John Galvin, Chicago, 111.; Ted Hennis, Chicago, HI.; LaVern Johnson, Millington, HI.; Dick Johnson, Barberton, Ohio; Jack Krause, Hammond; Ralph Lehr, Noblesville; Paul Liebrecht, Yonkers, N. Y.; Felix Mackiewicz, Chicago, 111.
More
Tom Melton, Lowell; Jim Miller, Massillon, Ohio; Fred Montague, Noblesville; August Morningstar, Massillon, Ohio; William Neff, Madison, Wis.; John Petty, Lebanon, Pa.; Basil Petry, Terre Haute; Dick Potter, Sioux Falls, S. D.; David Rankin, Warsaw; A1 Rossi, Pekin, 111.; Italo Rossi, Pekin, 111.; Allen Shackleton, Joliet, 111.; Richard Stephenson, Plymouth; Albert Thom, Noblesville; Carl Verplank, Lafayette; Robert Vyverberg, Lafayette; James Welsch, Hampstead, N. Y.; Frank Winchell, Southport; Jack Winchell, Southport; Elwood Yeager, Connersville. Minor Letters Ted Axton, Prospect, Ky.; John Brown, Indianapolis; William Donnelly, Sullivan; Robert Kersey, Indianapolis; Clarence Kjellberg, Chicago, 111.; Harold Schumacher, Oak Park, 111.; James Hobbs, Painesville, Ohio; Dyer Butterfield, student manager. Lookout, Mountain, Tenn:; Earl Martin, student manager, Anderson. “B” Team Awards Joe Benna, Terre Haute; Keith Correll, Oblong, 111.; Frank Danowski, Mattituck, L. I.; R. J. Detamore, Portland; E. G. Dimond, Terre Haute; G. H. Doherty, Point Pleasant, N. Y.; A. C. Harmsen, Appleton, Wis.; W. H. Lindsay, Louisville, Ky.; H. M. Logan, Greenfield.
More
E. M. Mcllwain, Campbell, N. Y.; J. Mizisin, Cleveland, Ohio; D. M. Ogilvie, Sandwich, HI.; Irel Pence, Peru; T. G. Shields, Whiting; B. Silverman, New Haven, Conn.; D. B. Smith, Mishawaka; P. H. Sprowl, Oblong, Ill.; Ted Tykocki, Lansing, Mich.; R. J. Weitzel, Dermont. Pa.; C. P. Wheler, Coldwater, (Continued on page S)
David William Rankin, junior in the school of physical education, towering six foot, one inch, and weighing 175 pounds, was last night elected captain of the'1940 edition of Boilermaker football material. Rankin was one of the iron men of this season’s football team here at Purdue, playing sixty minute in five games and more than three-fourths of the minutes of the remaining games. Rankin is a member of the Lambda Chi Alpha
fraternity, aiyl his home is Warsaw, Indiana.
SDX Announces 13 New Pledges Sigma Delta Chi, national professional journalistic honorary, at a meeting held last night in the PIA office pledged 13 new members. The following pledges were announced. Jack Orr, Lawrence Archibald, Don Smith, Joe Dolan, Jim Hebbeler, Stuart Marquis, Roger Finley, John Willsey, Morgan Miers, Dan Heiple, Rolund DeHoog, Bob Donahue, and Jim McKee. YWCA Plans Annual Recognition Service Plans for the YWCA Recognition Services which will be held tomorrow afternoon at 4 o’clock in the Faculty Lounge of the Student Union have been completed by the YWCA cabinet. The Recognition Services, at which new members are inducted into YWCA, are held once every year following the fall membership drive. One hundred and fifty new members will be honored at the services tomorrow. Members of the Advisory Board, including women faculty members and YWCA officials from Lafayette, have been invited to attend the cere-
monies.
, Catherine Cooley, president, and Mary Ellen Scarff, membership chairman, will conduct the services which are to be held by candlelight. Exponent Staff There will be a meeting of all elected members of the Exponent staff Thursday, November 80, at 4 p. m. in the conference room of the Agriculture Experiment Station. INSLEY.
Honored By Mates
Frank Bykowski, the pepper box who keep the Purdue forward wall alive during the season just past, a lad who played more minutes than any other member of the squad, and a player’s player in ever sense of the word, was last night honored by his fellow gridders by being chosen the most valuable man on the 1939 Purdue football team, which puts Bussy in the running for the Chicago Tribune Award for the outstanding senior in the conference. Bykowski is a senior in the school of physical education and a member of the Sigma Pi fraternity. His home is South Bend, In-
diana. ;
?
YOUHI
T, f
If
'i ti Mf.
jse, ^
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
A>t
Wednesday* November 297 1939
W/
^jthsUL £diiiL
Johnny “Scat” Davis, who is to play for the Union Formal Saturday evening in the ballroom of the Un-
ion, will make a recoi’ding which will be played on WBAA’s Luncheon Dance Time Monday, Novembei 4. When approached after the Blanket Hop at I. U. Friday night, Johnny said that he would be more than glad to make
the record and was looking forward to playing at the dance. Incidentally, Johnny introduced a tune that was written by Clint Brown, second trumpeter with Irvan Maury’s band while he was playing at the Black Hawk in Chicago. It is called “I’m
/ohnnie Davis
Wondering Why.”
' Monday night, WLW. broadcast its Salute to the Cities from the stage of Fowler Hall from 10:30 to 11 p. m. The program was written and directed by Art Radkey who graduated from Purdue two years ago and immediately took a job with the Nation’s Station. For over a year, Art has been writing the dramatic show “Fortunes Washed Away” which is presented by WLW in cooperation with the Conservation Department. The show Monday night honored Lafayette and West Lafayette, and pointed out the part the University played in the functioning of the two cities. The operator for the show was Bob Booth, who was formerly an operator for WBAA and spent quite a bit of time up at WBAA looking over his old stamping ground.
Orchestra To Play For Union Musical
Program Sunday
Classified
Ads
FOR SALE
606 Mam street
FOR SALE—1966 Ford with radio Yours for a reasonable cash offer G E Ferguson Phone 2682
FOR SALE—Kodak, F 4 6 compur shutter, built-in timen, 2>/{>x4%. Cheap. Call 66763 Raymond
LOST AND FOUND LOST—A small gold signet ring, initials D, O Reward Call 2694.
LOST—K & E slide rule Name D W Myers on rule and ease Reward Call 2890
MISCELLANEOUS BOARD for staff members: Swedish home cooking in private family Call 66868.
Personnel Notes
Company. Procter & Gamble Co., Ivorydale, Ohio. Representative: T. H. Lawrence,' Jr., and D. M. Watt, Employment and Training Dept. Visiting Purdue: Thursday and Friday, November 30 and December 1. Interviewing: The following men who took the Procter & Gamble test recently: R. W. Burks, W. G. Carter, A. J. Elmlinger, P. Emerson, J. H. Fisher, C. W. Frederick, R. G. Goodin, J. J. Haiges, E. 0. Hann, V. D. Holms, R. E. Howard, C. R. Jones, H. N. Jones, J. F. O’Mahoney, W. R. Ott, C. B. Patrick, J. Price, L. W. Schmidt, R. J. Schrader, P. B. Sebring, J. Singer, R. B. Squires, M. S. Thomson, R. E. Ulrich, Clayton Wilkinson, J. S. Williams, H. D. Milmeth. These men should call the Personnel Office and arrange for interviews. Those who took the test and whose names do not appear above will not be considered further for employment by this Company. Seniors who did not take the test, and who would still like to be considered for employment with the Procter & Gamble Co., should sign up in the main office of their school and take the second test, which will be given at 7 p. m., Wednesday evening, November 29th, room 264, EE building.
Presenting the first solo, Harold Koch, oboist, will play Mozart’s Concerto in E flat. The second soloist will be Vernon Westburg, newly appointed Concertmeister, who will present “Ave Maiia” and “Spanish Dance.”
FOR SALE—Typewriters. All makes, standard and poiiable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired New portable machines as low as 76 Supplies C F Ebershoff,
D. J. Henninger
We have just awakened to the fact that another very good program has been slipping by us unnoticed, the Cities Service Concert over WMAQ. Every Friday evening at 7 o’clock, this program brings the Cities Service orchestra, under the direction of Dr. Frank Black, and the sports predictions of Grantland Rice, famed sports commentator. This program presents some mighty fine symphonic arrangements of popular tunes along with some very popular light classics.
Rumor has it that Will Osborne, he of the patented slide music who visited the campus no^ long back, will supply the music for the Tuesday night Fibber McGee and Molly show starting the fir^ of January.
The University orchestra under the baton of Joseph Ragains will be featuied Sunday afternoon in the Union ballroom in one of the series of Sunday afternoon Union musical programs. Usually held in the Music room, this week’s program has been moved to the ballroom to provide adequate space for the orchestra and audience.
Planning to present a varied program, the orchestra has prepared three groups of numbers by the whole organization, and two groups of solos for oboe and violin.
BLUEBSRD POPULAR RELEASE No. 251
On Sale This Week
• B-10481 Parade of the Little White Mice—F.T. (V.R.) It's My Turn Now— F T. (V.R ) Vincent Lopez and his Suave Swing Orchestra
• B-10482 You're a Lucky Guy— F T. (V R ) Love Is Here—F T. (V R ) Artie Shaw and his Orchestra
• B-10483 I Shoulda Stood in Bed —F.T. (V.R.) The Wind at My Window—F.T. (V.R.)
Joseph Sudy and his Orchestra
B-10484 KiUer Diller Man from thi South—F.T. (V.R.)
Thursday Evening Swing —F.T. (V.R.)
The Cats and the Fiddle
B-10485 Piggy Wiggy Woo— F.T. (V.R ) Kiss and Remember— F.T. (V.R.) Art Kassel and his Kassels-in-the-Air
• B-10486 Blue Rain—F.T. (V.R.)
Who's Sorry Now?F.T. (V.R.)
Glenn Miller and his Orchestra
B-10487 FittoBeTied(V.R.)
-F.T.
It's a Whole New Thing —F.T. (V.R.)
Music of Yesterday and Today Styled the Blue Barron Way
• B-10488 The Creaking Old Mill on the Creek— Vocadance IFs a Hap-Hap-Happy Day—Vocadance Dick Todd, Baritone, with Orchestra
B-10489 Don't Make Me Laugh —F.T. (V.R.)
I Thought About You —F.T. (V.R.) Bob Chester and his Orchestra
The Foster Shop
Authorized Dealers RCA - VICTROLAS - VICTOR RECORDS
East Side Square
Purdue Exponent
R. B. Inder Mtet-ta-CWel W. B. SiBith BtuincM Ummagsr D. a. Terrio....... BdltorUl Dhreetor G. W. Frederick.. JIuui«in« Editor B. If. A]itonlnL.-Seiilor Adrertlsiiis Blaiwccr 6. Behllliiic Co-ed Bdltor R. JenUM Sporto Bdtior Phoneat Editorial, 46051 Biudneao, 5088;
Bporto. 8799
FabHahed daUjr except MoBdar dorinc the
academia rear. En^ed aa aeeond olaaa
matter at the post offlea la i
, Lafaratto. Indlaaa, aadw the Act of Ckrasresa of Marsh 8.
1879. and at the apeelal rats of i^taga pro-
‘ ‘ M Oetobor 8,
vld^ for in Section 1108, Act 1017, anthorlaod Jannarr 80. 1088.
napnesBNTBD for national advertisino by
National AdvertisingService, Inc.
College Publishers Rettresentative 420 Madison Ave New York N Y CHICAGO - BOSTOH - LOS ANOtLEa - SAN FRANCISCO National Advertlainr Repreaentathrea: National Adrertialnc Bw^eo, Ina.. 480 Hadt. aon Avenue, New York, N. Y. Member Aa■ociated Collegiate Preas. This newspaper (a written, edited, and publlabed by nndergradnato atndenta of Fardue ITnlversitr. All opiniona in it, unleaa otherwise accredited, are atndent opiniona, and do not necessariir coincide with the officini Univeraltr vtowpoint. All unsigned editorials are written by the
Editorial Director.
Delivered by carrier, $8 per academic year; by mail, |8.60. Businesa office located at 812 N. Fifth Street; editorial office. Union Boiling; Bporta office. Field House. Night Editor ... . „ .. . DeHoog Issue Editor „ Sears
Unknown to the students on the Lafayette bound train from Chi was the fact that ye B & B editor was sitting two feet from them when they made a spectacle of themselves . . . being too uproarous and overcollegiate, and . .. ahem .. . slightly inebriated. ' —B & B—
Mary Jane Carr, Kappa Kappa Gamma prexy, behaved remarkably well in the face of all the rowdiness. She just sucked on her candystick and looked very coquettish.
More than 11 billion kilowatt hours of electrical energy were produced in the United States in August, 1939.
—B & B— . . . while Marjorie Baldwin, the girl who had already returned two pins, got herself a man and sat away from the crowd. Don Spring looked heartbroken, but he carried on magnificently, making just as much noise.
ARROW TUX SHIRTS If you prefer them.
. . . H. E. ’41, was injured last Tuesday in a snowball fight. A snowball struck Miss Henninger in the eye, breaking her glasses and causing severe lacerations of the eyeball. It is feared by attending physicians m the Home Hospital that she may partially lose the sight of the injured eye.
Arrow makes 'Soup & Fish
easy as Pie!
i.«
ARROW SHOREHAM $3. No pam-in-the neck—this shirt The starched collar attached is turned down, the semi soft
bosom IS pleated and just the thing for tuxedo wear
Mitoga cut—Sanforized ' Shrunk (fabric shrinkage f
less than I %).
ARROW LiDO $3. Though more on the formal side, the Lido is smart and comfortable with its narrow bosom held in place by suspender loops Plain or pique. Other well-behaved dress shirts from $2.50 up. Arrow dress ties—^$1. Collars—35c.
ALmw
DkESS SHIKTS
Complete Line of Arrow.Shirts
GULLION’S
In the Village
ALL of the original “Qass” of your suit is brought back, when it is cleaned and
pressed the “American Way’
Phone for Pick-Up
Phone
Seen at the Blackhawk: Fred Menke, Phi Gam, looking deliriously happy, breaking balloons (used in the show) with a rubber band and hairpins. —B & B—
they were in love, but he found out the night after the ball. His import was out with her boy-friend. Boy, Oh, Boy.
East Chicago Venus, Norma Spector, has lost her grip—if she ever had one. Instead of having the boys in her surveying class carry the transit, she was forced to carry it herself while the two gentlemen walked before her with the tape. Petticoat engineers-must go through it all, Norma.
-B & B-
Sucker No. 1, also Sucker of Suckers, is the title of Ervine Underwood. For the Military Ball, he imported Gertie Gould, who is the heart throb of sophomore Gene Kinelski. Ervine probably didn’t know
ARC
-LAST TIMES TODAY-
CHARLIE CHAN IN RENO
SIDNEY TOLER A 20th CGnlury-toH Pldor*
— AND — 'THE FEUD MAKER' .WITH — BOB STEELE --ALSO — “RED BARRY/' SERIAL
THURS. - FRI. - SAT. WITHIN THE LAW SUNDOWN ON THE PRAIRIE ZORO'S FIGHTING LEGION
LUNA
— LAST DAY —
GEORGE RAFT CLAIRE TREVOR -in-
stole A MILLION' — ALSO —
OLIVER HARDY JEAN PARKER - — IN — "ZENOBIA"
THURS. - FRI. • SAT.
PRESTON FOSTER — IN — "MISSING EVIDENCE"
-AND —
JOHNNY MACK BROWN — IN — 'Chip of the Flying U'
MmS
TOMORROW - FRIDAY
raosEmsi BRITlBllS
WALTER CONNOLLY Onslow Stevens * Iris Meredith —LAST DAY CLAUDEHE COLBERT
HENRY
FOIA
Cost of ThousandsI I
Starts TOMORROW
HALF MAN!... HALF DEVIL! Gentleman by day...leader of a cutthroat gang by night.
kiAid
-TODAYTWO FIRST RUN HITS
A Lion-Hearted Hero in a Den of Damned Men! "MUNTINY IN THE BIG HOUSE" .WITH — CHARLES BICKFORD BARTON MacLANE — PLUS — FRANKIE DARRO — !N — IRISH LUCK
STARTS TOMORROW DOUBLE FEATURE
Wherever There’s DANGER...You’ll Find Him! JOEL McCREA BRENDA MARSHALL ESHOMGE ilGENT JEFFREY LYNN • GEORGE BANCROFT — PLUS —
wev DREW .M
mmimi
BONITA GRANVILLE FranMe Thomas ■ John Ut«l • Dit.d«l by Wm Cl.m.n.
MARIjUANA Destroyer of Youth!
Dope Weeds that Bring a Lifetime of Regret!
ADULTS ONLY ALL SEATS —35c
Midnight Shows Only THURS. - FRI. - SAT. 11:15
HIWednesday, November 29, 1939
£xfiofuinL fijogjL
* •
Banquet Closes (Continued from page 1) Mich.; D. L. Yeager, Riverside, Cal. Freshman Varsity Numerals P. L. Anderson, Struthers, Ohio; N. J. Applebaum, Brooklyn, N. Y.; A. G. Berto, Clinton; R. 0. Biedenweg, Port Wayne; M. Blair, Henderson, Ky.; R. L. Britt, West La-
fayette; W. H. Buifington, Peru; W. K. Burnside, Fairview, 111.; J. R. Cary, Peru; C. W. Ehrlich, Amherst, Ohio; W. H. Eviston, Huntington. Still More F. T. Fijala, Tarrentum, Pa.; W. M. Fryback, Bluff ton; M. C. 6antz, Indianapolis; J. H. Green, Riverside, 111.; E. E. Hartup, South Bend; J. W. Henderson, Dillsboro; N. H.
Hill, West Lafayette; G. C. Lowe, Terre Haute; F. W. McCaffry, Evansville; G. E. Mast, Elkhart; J. G. Mingle, Indianapolis; E. O’Bryan, Terre Haute; M. E. Papamanoli, Gary; H. A. Person, Gloversville, N.'Y.; W. T. Powers, Chicago, 111.; G. A. Rogers, Steubenville, Ohio; W. D. Seely, Huntington; W. Shimer, Southport; F. JSmerke, Port Worth, Tex.; V. A.
Varsity Nefmen To Encoiunter Frosh Souad In Annual Game
' /
^Iwwpu. 3[aoL SnuudL West Side's superb cleaning, finishing and dyeing skill will bring to your garments a smart appearance. This will give you poise, no matter what the occasion. Don't wait till the last minute. Call us NOW.
WEST SIDE CLEANERS
Phone 4081
Northwestern at Vine
Be SuTe Your Formal Attire Is Correct
FULL DRESS SUITS H. S. and M. $40.00 Geislers Varsity... . 30.00 TUXEDO SUITS Geislers Varsity ' $17.50 to $27.50 TIES Topper (by Beau Brummell)
SHIRTS Royal George (by Jason) $2.00 JEWELRY Hickok and Nu Lox 3 Studs and Cuff Link Sets .. $1.00 up
$1.00
Snyder, Massillon, Ohio; J. N. Vecs, South Bend; B. R. Warren, Kalamazoo, Mich.; E. J. Welz, New Albany.
BASKETBALL Today Court X—Kindor. . 1 lOC—^Ward 82 vs. Ward 11. 7:16—Ward 86 vs. Ward 86. Court 2—N. Hill. 7:00—Ward 22 vs. Ward 8. 7:16—ward 80 vs. Ward 10. 8:16—Ward 7 vs. Ward 26. 8:30—Ward 24 vs. Ward 38. Court 3—Smithson. 7:00—Ward 34 vs. Ward 28. 7:16—^Ward 21 vs. Ward 8. 8:16—Ward 29 vs. Ward 33. 8:80—^Ward 6 vs. Ward 14. Court 4—^Aronson. 7:00—Sigma Pi vs. Tau Kappa Epsilon. 7:16—^Ward 4 vs. Ward 27. 8:16—Sigma Chi vs. Beta Theta Pi. 8:30—Lambda Chi Alpha vs. Phi Kappa Sigma.
Giving the Boilermaker fans their first glimpse of this season’s Riveter basketball prospects, the varsity netmen will tangle with Gold and Black frosh in their annual battle here Monday night. Played on the newly laid floor m the Fieldhouse and will act as a warm-up for the opener with the Western State Illinois State Teacher’s quintet here on Thurs-
day, December 7. Gimlet-Reamer Game??
As in previous years, Monday night’s contest will be enlivened by a short game (??) between the Gimlet and Reamer club members during the pause between halves. Tickets for the game are on sale at Deac’s, Southworth’s, and Decker’s. Admission will be 26'Cents.
HINDU GUAMOUR FOR YOUR NAIUS!
Yellow-pink flame... like the sarees worn by high-bom Hindu women ... to make the skin look fresh and young. A color pick-up for all the new dull green and brown costume tones. 'SIXTY CENTS The polish women say "wears like iron!”
LOEB&HENCCOAAMNY
Despite the loss of seven major lettermen, headed by Capt. Gene Anderson, clever passing center, and Tommy Dickinson, fiery dribbling floor guard, this year’s squad has an excellent chance of adding another Big Ten c^wn to the growing collection of Boilermaker hardwood trophies. Lettermen Will Start In all probability, returning lettermen will take care of the opening lineups in the early games, although a number of promising sophomores are pushing the veterans. Dan Fisher, lanky sharpshooter from Anderson, and Bob Igney, diminutive Rossville lad who averaged nearly eight points a game as a sophomore last season, will hold down the forward berths, although
Fisher may be shifted to bolster the
center post.
The other forward possibilities include two outstanding sophomores, Forrest Sprowl, of Oblong, DL, who ran wild in the Illinois high school tournaments, and Donald Blanken, a f onher member of Dundee's championship Illinois quintet. Gene Herschelman and Norman Swarts, both major lettermen, and Donald Blemker, a sophomore, are also expected to cause the Boilermaker opposition plenty of trouble. Forrest Webber, fast moving 205 poimd, 6 foot, 5 inch performer from Plainfield, who took over toward the latter part of last season when Anderson was injured, is the main cog in Coach Piggy Lambert’s batch of centers. However, William Neutzel, a sophomore, and Burton Brinkerhoff, a transfer from Manchester College, will have plenty to say about the matter of holding down the Boilermaker center post.
Improve ^Your Dancing By Enrolling in Our NEW ADVANCED CLASS FOR ADULTS Thurs., Dec. Tth, 7:30 p. m. I No lessons given during holiday vacation. Phone 2150. Enroll Now ALLEN’S 6tli and Ferry
Table Tennis
. . . enthusiasts should report in the table tennis room this afternoon at 4 p. m. and sign up with Nassau or Kolady.
Seniors
. . . who have not yet selected their Debris proofs will have a last chance Saturday and Sunday when a representative of Dexheimer-Car-lon studios will be on the campus.
The holiday season means dancing and you will want to look your most romantic. Never before were formals more enchanting than this season. Come to Palais Royal to select the latest styles.
Phone 5900
415 Mainh^ K Tt^-
(*f*
M
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
Wednesday, November 29, 1939
Nc^ces No noticM will b« aecepte^ after I p. ak
Gimlet: Important dinner meetinc; of all actives and pledges at Pi Kappa Phi Wednesdav, No\ ember 29, at 6 p. m —FEAZEE
m. in the old Agriculturist Office —ESTEY.
A. I. Ch. E.: Membership cards and student chapter bulletins may be obtained in Professor Shreve’s office. (12-4) —MEYERS.
WSGA Executnc Board: Meeting Wednesday, Non ember 29, in room A of the Union at 7 .4B p m —SICKMAN. Union Sophomores: Important meeting of Music Room staff Wednesday, November 29, at 5 p m in Union office ■—TILT.
Riding Club: There will be a meeting Thursday, November 80, at 7:30 p. m. in the Union. Please bring 76 cents for Debris pictures A new rule for attendance has been made. In order to remain a member one must attend at least four meetings a semester. —MEYER.
tlon will hold its second roller skating party on Saturday evening, December 2. Games will begin at the Foundation at 8:30, followed by refreshments. Tickets are 26 cents but will be free to all who bring cars. Those wishing to go should sign at the Foundation House, 436 State St. as soon as possible. —^HARRIS.
drive and take a load of fellows please come. Refreshments will be served. —OMOHUNDRO.
Thursday, November 80.
-HALL.
Alpha Phi Omega: Meeting Wednesday, November 29, in room F of the Union at 7:30 p. m. AJl members and pledges please be present. —McCAMMON.
Dolphin Pledges: Initiation fees must be paid to me before Friday, December 1. —COLBY.
Scabbard and Blade: Important meetintr of all members and pledges Wednesday, December 29, at 7:30 p. m. Place to be designated later. Watch bulletin boaH in Armory. ■‘—OLSON.
Student Engineering Council: Meeting with Dean Potter in his office at 4 p. m., Wednesday, November 29. —CATTERALL.
Scabbard and Blade: All members and pledges. Important meeting Wednesday, November 29, at 7 p. m. in the Armory. —OLSON.
CE 6 Students: Examination for the re.jnoval of C or I grades in Surveying (CE 6) will be given on Saturday, December 2. Students may obtain permits in Room 102, Civil Engineering building. —LOMMEL.
ASME Juniors and Hopnomores: Those interested in an inspection trip through the Aluminum Co. and Ross Gear Co. Thticsday afternoon, November 80, please sign up in Prof. Cope’s office. Group will be limited to 20. —VOYLBS,
Wesley Foundation: The Wesley Founda-
Catalyst Club: Meet at the Chemical and Metalluigical Building at 7 :80 p. m., Wednesday, November 29. All men who can
Lutheran _ Students: A meeting of the L. S. A. will be held in the old Agriculturist office in the Union at 7:16, p. m..
Debaters, Forensic Managers: All men and women debaters and forensic managers meet in room 301 in the English building on Wednesdav, Non ember 29, at 4 p. m. Attendance is compulsoiN —DEMORET
SAE: Meet in the Reception room in the Union on Wednesday, November 29, at V 30 Mr Boor will speak ■—CAHILL.
Projects Committee: Meeting Wednesday, November 29, at 4 p. m in Senate office. —McCAMMON
Women’s Club: Due to convocation Thursday, Non ember 30, the meeting of the drama section has been postponed until Thursday, December 14. —MUNRO.
Exponent ^taff: There will be a meeting of all elected members of the Exponent staff Thursday, November 30, at 4 p. m. in the conference room of the Agricultural Experiment Station. —INSLEY. WAA Volleyball Tournament: Schedule for November 29: Wednesday, November 29: Ward 1 vs. ard II 4 Chi Omega vs Alpha Chi, 4:80; Pedalion n c Alpha Vi, 4 ‘45 —WALKER.
YWCA Cabinet: Meet Tuesday, November 28, at 4 p m in the office. Recognition service on Thursday, November 30, at 4 p m in the faculty lounge —COOLEY.
Glider Club: Meeting Thursday, November 30, in Reception room of the Union. Bring flight dues —MILLER.
Delta Rho Kappa: There will be a recreation meeting for both pledges and actives 'V^ednesday, November 29, at 7:30
Greet the Holiday Season With a brand new hair-do styled by one of our qualified specialists. With the gay whirl of formal dances just getting under way assure yourself of r^flattering appearance. Phone 7901 for an appointment.
dOscAbi
Puritan Water Softeners
Insures Soft Water Always & HENE COMPANY
3 Outstanding Hair Stylists 10 Efficient Beauticians
dSeattb^ SedotL
vjlf' S
INslOlr llii NItT THIS WMU
I be't" And defln^ly and read Many Are Called. was young. She was this w eligible. '«^bo was to k
by
y'kr'/.r
Music is a brutal business! says ARTIE SHAW Why did Artie Shaw quit last week? “Politics, corruption and a system of patronage aren’t the only things a musician has to fight,” says the King of the Clarinet. “What’s worse are one-night stands and long, brutal jumps that wreckman’s health.” Here’s his fantastic rags-to-riches climb...from 47^ cash a year ago to $6,000 an afternoon, and what it did to him!
AND.. . in the same issue—George Halas, coach of the Chicago Bears, tells you what makes pro football faster than college football in Hold What Line?... Booth Tarkington brings you a hilarious new short story, The
GUN THEY eeiyiB US? Why is it that with the least effective antiaircraft system in the world today we are still immune to attack? A military expert in the Post this week reports on our present air defenses, brings you news of the greatest single military secret in the world today, which allows U. S. pilots (and them alone) “to drop a bomb accurately into a pickle barrel from 18,000 feet up”! An important article, by Fletcher Pratt, in your copy of the Post.
Jahjam Motor Trip... Demaree Bess shoots a timely radiogram. Why Hitler Wanted Peace . .. ALSO short stories, articles, poems, editorials, cartoons—all in this week's issue of The Saturday Evening Post.
You can’t have time to take care of the linen needs if you’re “Gonna Have Rhythm.” Let us supply your Linen “ON A RENTAL BASIS”
You Ring , . . We Bring Phone 2000 for_,Service
ZIP-TAINERS byi
With Patented Protecting Gu€urd
This BUXTON leather guard definitely prevents bills and papers from catching in the slide fastener. Fashioned from genuine leather, in three distinctive designs, all with patented protecting guard, exclusively BUXTON. Matching Zip-Tsdners for keys and auto credentials at $1.00 and $1.50.
DECKER’S
518-20 Main Street Phone 6477
the Purdue Exponent Service Directory
• Professional
• School Supplies
Risk Dental Clinic DR. PAUL7K. RISK DR. LUTHER A. RISK DR. HAROLD J. RISK 4th & Main Phono 5701
"DEAC" Everything for a College Education
• Dine
• Hardware
COME OVERl EAT AT ED & DICK'S HAMBURGER INN 808 Main St. 5c PIE SOUP COFFEE 5c
Sperb Hardware Quality Mdse.—Lower Prices 822 Main Phone 2777
• Locksmith
Outfitters for Fraternities and Sororities EDGERTON HARDWARE 321 State St. Phone 4354
KEYS & LOCKS Keys for trunks, door locks, desk locks, night latches and padlocks. Auto keys a specialty. BicycleS/ accessorles and repairing. MULHAUPT'S 209-11 N. 5th St. Phono 2828
• Dairy Products
• jewelers
, M. E. MOREHOUSE DAIRY QUALITY MILK Phone 46214
Hays Jewelry Company East Side of Square FINE JEWELRY at Moderate Prices