Open House Friday Will Start Gala Week Program
Speaker
Demonstrations In All Schools
To Show University At Work
“Open House” will be in order for the entire University Friday afternoon and evening, with special demonstrations and exhibits in all of the engineering schools planned for the evening. “Open House,” a special feature of Gala Week, with hundreds of alumni and former students returning to the campus, is primarily sponsored to acquaint the general public with I I I ■— the University at work.
Towers piscusses Marriage Hygiene At Co-ed Meeting
“The Hygiene of Marriage” was discussed by Dr. Elizabeth Towers before a group of about 150 senior women students at a marital lecture in the women’s lounge of the Union last night. Her talk included an explanation of sex hygiene, venereal diseases, birth control, and sterilization; she afterwards answered questions from the audience. Dr. Towers, who is a practicing physician from Chicago, was asked to return by popular request to speak on this campus for the fifth year. The last lecture of the WSGA marital series will be held Thursday evening, May 4, at 7 p. m. in the women’s lounge of the Union. Dr. Ralph Gerard will speak on “Marriage From a Man’s Point of View.” Betty Jo Sexton has been in charge of the arrangements for these lectures.
Chem Department
At Informal Dinner
An informal dinner will be held by the department of chemistry at Lincoln Lodge Sunday evening. May 7, at 6:30, in honor of Professor Middleton, whose seventieth birthday occurs the following day and who retires from active service at the close of this semester. Professor Middleton was for a great many years the editor of the inorganic section of Chemical Abstracts. He has twice served as the head of the department of chemistry. In recent years he has organized his course in qualitative analysis and placed it on a semimicro basis.
During the afternoon from 2 to 4 o’clock, the schools of agriculture and home economics, the military department. Airport, Fieldhouse, Men’s Gym, and the Library will be open to the public while class work is underway in all departments. In addition, all of the Cary Halls and both Women’s Residence Halls will be open for inspection. Special Demonstrations On Friday evening from 7 to 10 p. m. class work and special demonstrations will be in order in the schools of civil, electrical, mechanical, chemical, metallurgical engineering, also in Michael Golden Shops, pharmacy school and in the physics building. All of the motorized field artillery equipment will be on display in the Armory during the day. New field radios, machine guns, all instruments used in computing firing data and a firing battery of four gun sections will demonstrate the equipment. “Artilleryman’s Nightmare” A training battery having a maximum range of 100 feet will be used to show actual firing process completely but on a miniature scale. The “Artilleryman’s Nightmare” which proved so amusing at the ’37 Military Carnival will be presented at 10 p. m. in the Armory to close the exhibition. Theme of the skit featuring Leslie Stallwood, is the nightmare of an artilleryman who has been transferred to the infantry. High School students and parents of Purdue students are particularly invited to visit the school, according to a publicity report.
Senate Reorganization Amendment Passes By Practically Unanimous Vote
Co-ed Razz Banquet
Planned For May 16
Senior women will hold their “Senior Snooper’s” banquet Tuesday, May 16, at 6:15 in the Home Economics Cafeteria. The purpose of the banquet, which is the third annual affair, is to create a friendlier feeling among senior co-eds.
Student Senate voted almost unanimously last night to completely revise the selection of Student Senators and the method of working of the Senate. Purpose of these proposed changes, which followed Senate President Gerald Elliott’s mock proposal to abolish the Senate two weeks ago, is to increase the power, and widen the scope of Senate activities, and to increase the number of student recommended projects put before the faculty and improvement. —-. i ■
Dr. Alan Valentine
Dr. Alan Valentine, Rochester U. Head, T0 Address Seniors
At the dinner, which is a co-ed edition of the Sigma Delta Chi razz banquet, the private lives of senior co-eds will be exposed. Girls attending will be sworn to secrecy regarding the personal data revealed on their classmates. Attendance of all senior co-eds will be required, and no faculty members will be present.
Senate Nominates
Dr. Alan Valentine, youthful president of the University of Rochester at Rochester, N. Y., will deliver the baccalaureate address to seniors Sunday afternoon at 3 o’clock in the Fieldhouse. President E. C. Elliott will introduce the speaker.
Three Candidates
Only 38 years old. Dr. Valentine IS one of the youngest educators in the country. He was graduated from Swarthmore in 1921 and received his master’s degree from the University of Pennsylvania a year later. At Oxford University in England, he received honorary bachelor’s and master’s degrees.
Martin Estey, Herbert Fishbum, and Bill Hart were nominated for president of the Student Senate at last night’s meeting of the Senate. Elections will be held at the next meeting which will be Tuesday, May 9.
All seniors are urged to place their orders for commencement announcements with Deac’s or Southworth’s not later than today. Samples will be on display at these stores for only one more day. A cash deposit must accompany each order.
Also petitions for Student Athletic Association elections will be issued by the Student Senate Thursday, May 4 from 4 p. m. until 5:30 p. m., in the Senate office. Sophomores having a 3.5 scholastic in^ex for all previous semesters in the University will be eligible to petition. Two of the nominees will be elected by the entire campus at the elections to be held on Tuesday, May 16.
Martin Will Play For Senior Mixer
Sunday the academic procession will start from the east side of the Fieldhouse and march to the baseball field. There it will pause for the raising of the 1939 class flag, then continue in the form of a great horseshoe to the west entrance of the Fieldhouse.
Sigma Alpha Mu...
. . . social fraternity announces the election of the following officers: Hyman Goldstein, Prior; Irving Dagan. Exchequer; Russell Glasser, Recorder; George Brick, Historian; Dave Nassau, Counselor; James Mann, Athletic Manager; and Harry Krashen, House Custodian.
The University orchestra and choir under the direction of A. P. Stewart, and the band will provide music for the occasion.
Commencement exercises will be held Sunday, June 11, when 850 bachelors and 125 advanced degrees will be presented to the largest graduating class in the history of the University.
For the first time in the history of the Purdue Memorial Union, one dollar will not get you into the Saturday night mixer, unless you are a senior! l^^he dance will follow the Founder’s Day Banquet which is being held in the ballroom May 6. Bill Martin’s band will furnish the downbeat. One memben of each couple must present his or her senior passport in order to obtain admittance to this exclusive affair. Seniors will find a surprise awaiting them if they attend the Founder’s Day Banquet. Not only will th^ hear George Ade and John T. McCutcheon, but the Gala Week Committee has a secret up their sleeve which will appeal to the Thirty-Niners’ pocketbooks.
Junior Senator Herb Fishbum, chairman of the reorganization committee, proposed the motion. Members of the committee, which included outsiders as well as senators, were: Margerite Mitchell, Bill Hart, Martin Estey, Ralph Reiley, Russell Dilts, and Harris Stanback, Editor of the Exponent. Amendment Summary Senate reorganization amendment, as approved by that body, and adopted as part of the permanent constitution of the Student Senate, is in a summary form as follows: SECTION I. The Senate shall be composed of undergraduate students as herein provided for. SECTION II. Eight sophomore Senators will be elected by popular vote. The apportionment is approximately the same as the present. These elections will be held in the spring of their freshman year, each student voting only for the representative alloted to his class in his school. Elected sophomore senators shall have all the privileges of members of the Senate. Shortly following fall registration, a call will be issued by the Senior Board for sophomore workers. This group shall serve the Student Senate under the direction of the Junior Executives of the Senate, but they shall have no vote in the proceedings of the Senate. At the end of their sophomore year and from among the elected sophomore workers, eight shall be chosen by the Senior Board to serve as members of the Senate in the position of Junior Executives. These appointed juniors shall have all the privileges of members of the Senate. There shall be eight additional junior Senators, elected by popular vote of their respective schools. (Continued on page 4)
Pi Beta Phi...
. . . social sorority, announces the election of the following officers: Francis Raebig, president; Mary Frances McLaughlin, vice-presi-dent; Virginia Tislow, secretary; Dorothy Holden, recording secretary; Ellen Bassett, treasurer; Jane Black, rush chairmen; Jane Black, Pan-Hellenic representative; Dorothy Hardin, social chairman; and Dorothy Roberts, house chairman.
Anyone interested in attending the dinner should see„Dr. F. J. Allen, department of chemistry. The ticket price is 75 cents. Reservations must be made by Saturday noon. May 6.
Popular Professor Likes Shakespeare
Offered At Dance
Three rides in Captain Aretz’s tri-motored Stinson will be given free at the Airport Dance May 12, according to the dance committee. Winners of the rides will be determined by drawing numbers on all tickets sold before Wednesday, May
10.
A schedule for the free taxi service to and from the Airport on the night of the dance is being prepared, and will be published in the near future. In addition to music by Bill Martin, added attractions are being planned in the form of novelty dance numbers and stunts, imder the direction of the master of cere-
monies.
“Good teaching*is a 60-50 proposition between the instructor and the student,” says Robert W. Babcock, former lawyer and homesteader, now professor of English and University Editor. A sleepy class is neither conducive to good teaching or to good scholarship. “I really like Shakespeare,” says Professor Babcock. That perhaps is one of the principal reasons his English 46 class has grown from six to more than 100 students in just one year. ^ English 46 and 46 (elementary Shakespeare) was placed on the Purdue curriculum in the fall semester of 1937, at the special request of President Elliott. As Professor Babcock puts it, “We don’t want Purdue students to think only of a Notre Dame football player when someone mentions the name William Shakespeare.” Has Pet Essentials The minimum essentials of the
comse are very easy to master. All the student does to get three hours of B IS to attend 90 per cent of the classes and pass a laughingly simple objective test over the plays. Professor Babcock has three other pet essentials which should be complied with. The student “may look sleepy, but must not sleep; may be bored, but must not look bored; and , must not chew gum.” The course is divided into two parts. The first couple of weeks are devoted to lectures on the ridiculous concepts of the Elizabethan period, a short resume of Shakespeare’s life, and the underlying history of the plays. The remainder of the semester is devoted to the actual reading of the plays, five tragedies the first semester and five comedies and histories the second. Even sans grease paint and costume, Professor Babcock , through his expert reading, makes you see
and understand the various characters. In a cynical, but none the less likeable manner, he asks and answers questions about the plays. As a rule Professor Babcock does not practice reading the plays aloud although he does read them to himself.
He believes the final examination should constitute the main part of the final grade. Made Editor In ’27
Professor Babcock believes examinations should be used as a teaching device. In his English 126 class (advanced Shakespeare) he gives several tests during the year but he doesn’t count grades.
Good Teaching ♦♦
. . . and/ the personalities of those at Purdue who possess this art will receive recognition in the series of articles being published in these columns. This is the seventh of the series.
Tau Beta Pi Fetes All Honor Students Tonight In Ballroom
Honoring their 26 pledges and feting all of the other scholastic honoraries and distinguished students, Tau Beta Pi wiU hold their annual banquet in the ballroom of the Union Building tonight. Beginning at 6 p. m. instead of 6:30 p.m. as stated on the tickets, the banquet tickets are available to the five scholastic honorary members and distinguished students at $1.00 each.
“Modem Values In Engineering,” is the subject Dr. Henry T. Heald president of Armour Institute of Technology, has chosen to speak on. Dr. Heald is very well qualified to speak on this subject having his Doctor’s degree in Civil Engineering, and having spent considerable time doing industrial work.
Dr. Heald is one of the youngest presidents of a large school, being only 34 years old. He and his wife will arrive this afternoon and will be the guests of Dean Potter.
About 200 students are expected to attend the banquet, according to Jack Taylor, chairman of the banquet committee. M. J. Prassas, another member of the committee, promises one of the best dinners the Union has furnished.
Another feature of the banquet will be several xylophone solos rendered by Fred Baase between dinner courses.
Alpha Zeta To Hold Ag Speech Contest
Sponsored by Alpha Zeta, agricultural honorary, with the assistance of the forensics board, the annual speech contest for undergraduates in agriculture and forestry will be held Thursday, May H, in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. There will be three judges; one from the school of agriculture, one from the speech department, and an outside person interested in agri-
culture. Speeches will be limited to seven minutes and decisions of the judges will be final. Suitably engraved medals will be awarded to those winning first, second, and third places, and an opportunity will be gpven for the two persons placing highest to broadcast their talks over WBAA.
Like many other professors, Mr. Babcock thinks the relation between ,instructors and students on this campus is very unwholesome. There is entirely too much belief that the students are “sucking” when they talk with their instructors. The teacher and student should get along in the classroom as in a social gathering. ^ Mr. Babcock attended Williams College, Mich., and Northwestern, getting a LLD from the latter school. He’s been at Purdue since 1920, becoming University Editor in 1927. The University Editor checks up on most of the University bulletins and pamphlets for grammar, contacts the printer, and mails the manuscripts.
Entries may be made by leaving the entrant’s name and subject with the Chancellor of Alpha Zeta, H. BL Stonaker.
Union OffidabAnnomm
Deadline For Group Sing
Today is the deadline for entering the University sing on Mother’s Day, May 14, according to Student Union officials in charge. So far 37 houses have registered for the competition, which will begin at 6:30 in the evening and continue until all groups have sung. Entrants must sign up in the Union office, giving the time at whi(^ they will sing, and the names of the songs.
3
S1 ^
£dibfdaL
THE PDBDIIE EXPONENT
Wednesday* May 3* 1939
A Seventy-Gun Salute... ... on the quadrangle Saturday afternoon will start this year’s bigger and better Gala Week off with a bang. Decoration of John Purdue’s grave will follow and will be succeeded by a parade to Ross-Aade stadium. The committee is prepaid to present an attendance trophy to the school having the best percentage of their enrollment out for the parade. The award will be similar to the G. A. Young trophy given at the first football game of the season to the school best represented. All this and more is the result of an earnest attempt by the committee to “give the seniors more for their money’’ and streamline the coming festivities. With this in mind the men in charge go on to present added attractions in the form of a 30 minute spot on WLW and the Mutual Network for the banquet Saturday night. In their effort to catch the senior’s approval they have planned a closed senior and alumni mixer following the banquet. Admission ■will be by banquet ticket, giving the four-year students a two-for-the-price-of-one night. Modestly they set their goal at 100 percent attendance for the afternoon’s attractions, and expect an overflow crowd to hear George Ade and John T. McCutcheon at the Founder’s Day banquet. What a pleasant existence we would have if every elected committee worked as hard to please the body which they represent as Baase, Meier, Baker, Farrow, Maby and Schinbeckler have. More power to the new and Potent Gala Week plans.—R. E. I. Speakers' Bureau... ... planned to give every student a chance to talk before state social and civic groups, all expenses paid, has not been too successful in this, its initial year. With competent leadership and good talent to draw from, it could do much to promote Purdue and give valuable experience to student speakers. The Bureau w^s revived, after being defunct for a number of years, to send student speakers before luncheon clubs, educational institutions, and church, civic, and patriotic groups within a 50 mile radius of Lafayette. A few speech students and other able speakers were to be the personnel, and a mailing list of organizations to approach was prepared. Next year the Speakers’ Bureau can make a name for itself. Speech instructors will suggest their best students as potential candidates; these will be auditioned and a few chosen. Any student in the University, ed or co-ed, will be able to apply for a speaker’s position, and -will be critically judged by the Bureau committee. ^ Speaker’s expenses will be paid by the organization before which he appears. While an approximate 50 mile radius was chosen, there is no reason why a speaker could not go anyplace he might be invited. The Bureau this year planned a prospectus to show pictures of speakers, including where they had spoken, and excerpts from their talks. These speakers would not necessarily discuss Purdue projects, but some historical, economical, “popular science,” entertaining, or educational subject. Content would be the speaker’s own choice, gauged to be of most general interest. Technical talks by engineers would have their place before engineering societies or science groups. Objection has been raised that these students might go out with poorly prepared
the Purdue Exponent Entered as second class matter at the post office in Lafayette, Indiana, under the act of Congress of March 8, 1879, and at the special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act Of October 8, 1917, authorized January 20. 1922. Published daily except Monday during the regular academic year and weekly during the Summer - 'for ?8.00 per year.
Session. Delivered locally by carrier
mail subscription $3.60. Editor-In-Chief Business Manager
....H. I. Stanback .....R, R. Hensler
PUBLICATION STAFF Managing Editor - L. S. Hai^n City Editor - D. A. Bailey Associate Editors......G. W. Frederick, K. C. Houston, R. E. Insley, W. A. Kroeplin, D. G. Terrio, J. C, Woodson Sophomore Assistants—tL Ahlf, R. Beer, R. DeHoog, R. Donahue, P. Ganzar, D. Heiple, R. Howard, C. Lever, R. Massey, J. McKee, C. McKeighan, M. Miers, M. Patterson, R. Taylor, K. Thompson, J. Willsey, A. Yates. BUSINESS STAFF Assistant Business Manager. M. C. Reeves Local Advertising Manager. —E. M. Anjonini Circulation Manager. — W. P. Berg Sales Manager V. Daugherty National Advertising Manager H. W. Nevin Accounts Manager. —W. E. Smith Art Director. JD. J. Henninger CO-ED STAFF Editor Sally McKee Associate ^itors Joy Johnson, Georgeann Schilling, Betty Wickard SPORTS STAFF Editor. R. L. McDonald Associate Editors.— —J. A. Hebbeler, R. Jenkins, R T. Deckard EDITORIAL OFFICE Room D, Memorial Union Building, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 4006, ask for Ebcponent Office BUSINESS OFFICE 312 North Fifth Stiuet, Lafayette, Indiana Phone 6088 SPORTS OFFICE Purdue Fieldhouse, West Lafayette, Ind. Phone 2792 REPRESENTED FOR RATIONAL ADVSRTISINO BY National Advertising Service, Inc. College Publishers Representative AZO Madison Ave. New York, N. Y. CHICASO ' SOETOII ■ LOS ARSILIS - SAN FAANCISCO This newspaper is written, edited, and published by undergraduate students of Purdue University. All opinions in it, unless otherwise Taccredited, are student opinions, and do not necessarily coincide with the official University viewimint. All unsigned editorials are written by the editop-in-chief.
Night Editor—Taylor Issue Editor—Ochiltree Wednesday, May 3, 1939
Did you know that college is a place where you would not be so smart as but would have more money if you had not gone to. Yet, here we are; and from the appearance of the social calendar it seems that quite a few people are doing something. —H-H— “P” Men, their dates, and other guests will dance to the music of Red Maxfield at their spring “P” Men's dance in the ballroom Friday night. On the same evening, the Kappas are having their sorority’s spring formal at the chapter house. Other dances scheduled for this week-end’s Saturday night are the Sigma Nu semi-formal, the Beta Sigma Psi, Triangle, and Beta Theta Pi formals, and the Sigma Chi radio dance. —H-H— One trade dinner a week is a pretty good record for most sororities, but the Kappas are doing the other Greeks one better and having two trade dinners tonight. They will fill their regular dinner date with the DU’s, and will also go to
•Cary Hall for an exchange dinner which was postponed last week. The Chi O’s are having a trade dinner with the Sigma Chis, and the Thetas with the Sigma Nu’s. —H-H— The King of England is sailing for the United States this week. The Queen is coming too. They will take a look at Canada. They will go to the White House. The sovereigns were going to visit New York Jbut were informed that a plan was underway to humiliate them in New York. So they are changing their plans. America is a Democracy, but Americans will not get down on their hands and knees to greet the royal family. America will treat the couple royally but not royally in the aristocratic sense. Perhaps they will be treated royally in the American fashion with cheers, swing bands, informality, or at its best awkward formality. Will they like it? We wonder ? 'Mikado' Cast Will Banquet At Lincoln Lodge Friday A banquet will be held Friday evening at 6:00 at Lincoln Lodge, for all those who participated in the all-campus production, “The Mikado.’’ Transportation will be provided from Eliza Fowler Hall at 6:46 p. m.
High School Students To Show Handiwork Between 300 and 400 Indiana high school students from 30 schools are expected to attend the annual Vocational and Industrial Arts RoundUp to be held here Friday. A well-rounded program of entertainment is planned for the students in connection with their exhibits of handiwork in dra-wing, printing, metal work and wood work. The best exhibiters in each class will be crowned state champions. Winding up the program will be a special review of the ROTO and the opening game of the PurdueIndiana baseball series. The high school students •will be guests of honor at the review and game. Wesley Foundation... . . . held its annual election of officers Sunday. William Harris was elected president. Other ofiicers chosen were Everett Hobbs, vicepresident, Grace Russell, co-ed vice-president; Martha Miller, secretary; Max Myers, treasurer; Jane Horne, social chairman; Cornelia Caldwell, president of the co-ed class; Walter Kettenring, president of the men’s class; and Donald Goings, president of Epworth League.
speeches or incorrect statements, creating a bad impression not only for themselves but of the University. This situation could easily be prevented by requiring each student to give his speech before the Bureau ofiicers and the Forensic Board, and requiring him to use good taste and practical reasoning in answering possible questions. Since the Bureau is related to the speech department, it would seem advisable to place the Forensic Board as electoral group. Their job would be to select a senior ofiicer and two juniors . .. arbitrarily appointed this year by the speech department. This board is composed of Tau Kappa Alpha president, men’s and women’s senior forensic managers, senior head of the Bureau, and three faculty members—Prof. P. E. Lull and R. M. Horn of the speech department, and Assistant Dean of i Engineering W. A. Knapp. They could select a senior manager from either the two Bureau juniors or the three men’s forensic junior managers. One junior could be chosen from petitioning sophomores in men’s debate work, and one co-ed junior from sophomore co-ed debaters. Any sophomore interested in speech work could be free to petition. The Speakers’ Bureau will offer every student a chance for free travel and good experience in practical speaking. With enthusiastic and hard-working officers it would be an asset to the University and the student body.—D. G. T.
But this isn’t all the screwy happenings around this place . . . Phi Kappas have changed froi^ robbing the cradles and raising babies from infancy (babes in arms) to bringing up baby chicks . . . probably is the same principle ... to properly feed the chicks, take them out for walks, and give them sufficient petting. Even at that, maybe CHICKS do have more of a heart than the co-eds.
I® American Steel construction company has been building on the new site, that of LAWRENCE ARCHIBALD’S left hand . . . reason unknown. My HEART burns for you, but I won’t make a FUEL of myself. Have just found out that BOB BUELL has planned a super beer
mmn
_W1TH — CLAIRE TREVOR JOHN WAYNE ANDY DEVINE GEORGE BANCROFT
GRIN AND BEAR fT
By Uciily
LADEEZ AND GENTLEMENS!! WE ANNOUNCE
Bob Insley and Bill Kroeplin “The highball in the side pocket” called out the pool-playing drunk as he spilled the drink on his friend’s coat . . . And the stoodents called the English instructor just plain nuis as he promised to eat a Goldfish and Chew it slowly and carefully as it lived it’s last breath of life inside the lovable boy’s mouth! . . . and the boy, a certain MR. BARNEY SCHMIDT decided to charge 25c admission for all onlookers . . . quite cozy, I would say.
‘It’s a nice account—^the only catch is, they want us to make ‘Himmelpfeffer’s Hosanna Herrings’ a household word!”
went swimming in the nude at the Phi Gam picnic last Saturday. Calling Miss HALTOM and TIMBERLAKE.
party at the crossroads of the rimways the night of the Airport Dance . . .transportation furnished on kiddie cars.
A cloakroom girl may be said to lead a checkered life.
Impotent... of high rank as (he is impotent). Element. . . large pachyderm. Winner . . . season just past. Wicket . . . not nice (all co-eds). What’ll I do with her mother the week-end of Prom???? Happy Hollow is awful nice this time of the year? Isn’t it? Especially with a full moon!
FLASH!! Purdue Founder’s Day program over the National Broadcasting network of the Mutual Broadcast system will 'Ibe immediately followed by the “Gloomchasers.” Scabbard And Blade...' . . . miltary honorary, announces the election of the following ofiicers G. E. Olson, captain; K. C. Houstoq, 1st lieutenant; H. G. Kolb, 2nd lieutenant; and C. A. Heidbreder, 1st sergeant. ' ' SUBSCRIBE FOR THE EXPONENT
I’m feeling kinda blue and lonesome . . . gotta go visit BROWNIE. . . . goodbye.
ARC
LAST DAY
— and — "BOOTHILL BRIGADE" _ with — JOHNNY MAC BROWN — also — 'FLAMING FRONTIER," Serial
THUR.-FRI.-SAT. BOOTS AND SADDLES CRIME TAKES A HOLIDAY FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS
bAia
—TODAY— DOUBLE FEATURE MICKEY ROONEY RALPH BELLAMY — In — LITTLE PAL — PLUS — THE HIGGINS FAMILY MY WIFE‘s"rELATIVES
STARTS TOMORROW 2 SWELL HITS!
RoltfW
OatiW
Man
lames
Plus
JEZEBEL — WITH —
BETTE DAVIS GEORGE BRENT
LUMA — LAST DAY— DENNIS O’KEEFE —- in —■ <<BIJR]V ’EM UP O’COlWVOR” — AND — FREDRIC MARCH VIRGINIA RRUCE — in — “Tliere Goes My Heart”
THIIR.-FR1.-SAT. GENE AUTRY —iin—— “RHYTHM OF THE SADDLE” — AND — ALLAN BAX'TER — in — “Mason Is a Criminal”
LAST DAY
TOMORROW-FRIDAY THEY LOSE THEIR HEARTS ...WHEN THEY WIN THEIR WINGS!
A WARNER BROS. Piclurs with KAY FRANCIS WILLIAM GARGAN Victor Jory • Moxta aoienbloom Eddio Foy, Jr. • Shallo Bromlami •if" ’Wrfffr
sfsS^r
^ 3, iddd Ihtra-Squad Grid Game Saturday Ends Spring Drill Abandoning the policy of playing the freshmen against the combined grid forces of the varsity sophomores and juniors, Coach Mai Eljvard has split the entire varsity squad into two groU^)^ that are as evenly matched as possible. This setup is expected to result in keener copipetition when the two teams meetithis Saturday afternoon on Ross-Ade stadium in the annual Gimlet Club game that officially ends spring football practice.
TEQS FUBDUE
Expomm
The spring game, which begins at 3:00 p. m. will be one of the highlights of the Gala Week program. Tickets for the contest can be purchased at the Union desk and will also be on sale at the Stadium at game time. Much Improvement During the last few days of practice, quite a bit of improvement has been noticed in the play of several of the veterans, especially the juniors who will probably draw the first assignments due to seniority|. Leon DeWitte, junior fullback who has been suffering from a hand injury throughout the spring drills, recently recovered, and in the few drills that he has appeared in, he looked as if he had lost none of his fleet-footed ability through inactivity. Another fullback, Paul Liebrecht, a reserve for the last two seasons, has been showing marked improvement and will no doubt see quite a bit of action in Saturday’s game.
SportsSta{fS(hedule Wednesday, May 3—Doty, issue editor; Marquis stooge. Thursday, May 4—Marquis, issue editor; Richards, stooge. Friday, May 6—Mundorf, issue editor; Doty, stooge. Saturday, May 6—Goebel, issue editor, Dolan, stoge. —R. L. McDonald.
Riveter Linksters Meet Notre Dame's
Irish Here Saturday Meefing Tomorrow At 5:30
IM Golf, Tennis Tourneys Will Be Played Next Week With the coming of ideal spring weather suitable for the contesting of outdoor sports, the intramural department has announced^that the annual ward golf and tennis meets, along with the freshman tennis and golf tourneys, will be played next week, and the students desiring to enter the meets must sign up in the intramural office immediately. The freshman golf and tennis tourneys, conducted by the intramural department, are used as the basis for the awarding the freshmen numerals in those sports. Hazel Manning Will Speak At Virginia Meredith Ciub
^ ■ . .V „ ficUcti Varsity Nine Faces Froiih CkaioL At Ross-Ade Field Today
By Joe Dolan
o Boilermaker golf followers will be given two opportunities to see their team in action this week-end when the squad takes on Detroit’s linksters Friday, and meets Notre Dame Saturday. In the last two matches the Riveter squad has decisively beaten Indiana and lost a narrow margin decision to Michigan. Tennis Team Active While the golf team is meeting Detroit and Notre Dame, the tennis troupe will also have its hands full. A tennis match with Butler will open Gala Week’s sports activities Thursday, and will be followed Friday and Saturday with matches against the net squads of Ball State and Armour Tech of Chicago, So far this spring, the tennis squad has beaten Iowa and Wabash while losing to Indiana State and Northwestern for a record of .600.
Hank Borowy, Fordham University pitcher, has won 14 straight games in two years of intercollegiate competition.
CHEAP^*
—but the lAjnhfL doesn’t Just talk. Make a daily visit to the Union and enjoy the many facilities there for your pleasure. Join the parade to the Union.
JhSL fiWviuSL TIlsmufujaL lAniofu The Corner of the Campus— Yet the Center of Activities
Miss Hazel Manning of the clothing and textiles department from the University of Wisconsin will be the speaker at the annual Virginia C. Meredith Club-Omicron Nu Home Economics banquet tomorrow night at 6:30 in the Home Economics cafeteria. A crested necklace will be presented by Omicron Nu to the most outstanding co-ed in the home economics school. Omicron Nu pledges will be in troduced at the banquet which is open to all co-eds and faculty members. Tickets are priced at 60 cents. Treva Berry, ticket chairman, requests that all tickets be turned in this evening at the WSGA office. Agricultural Extension To Observe Anniversary University agricultural extension workers will observe the 26th anniversary of extension work under federal auspices with a special program in the Union during noon hour Monday; May 8. The staff will hear a broadcast over the Farm and Home Hour of the NBC from Washington in which the 26 years of extension work will be dramatized; following which they will see a group of pictures and hear short talks by veterans on the extension staff, describing the work of the same 26 years in Indiana.
New York City has the world’s largest system of municipal colleges.
A royal court session was held on the Iowa State College campus as the Crown Prince and Princess of Denmark visited the institution.
Saturday afternoon. Head Football Coach Mai Elward, will send his “on paper” great football squad onto the turf of Ross Ade Stadium for the purpose of providing a couple of hours of entertainment for the Gala Week visitors, and unless we’re dam poor prognosticators, those fans who will be in the Stadium for the spring gridiron game will definitely see two great teams in action . . . and when these two ball clubs, the blacks and the golds, tackle one another, they will be forming an impression in the minds of the coaches that will stick until next fall. —fc— Last fall, everyone who ever saw a football game or heard of our “chum” from downstate, Indiana U. was singing the praises of the 1938 Hoosier football team. Oh, what it wasn’t going to do to the conference and other foes, and it wasn’t going to wait until the Purdue contest to begin its season either! To call matters quickly, lU almost did not open her schedule^ winning but one game, and that to a weak Iowa team. Andj then down came the verbs and adjectives on poor Bo’s head. Just as if Professor McMillan didn’t have trouble enough, because by that time he yvas trying to convince the rule committee of football that it would be advisable in the future for the coaches to call the plays. Theme: Don’t blow too hard about Purdue in ’39! —fc— We’ve just received word of Lou Gehrig’s voluntary surrender of his position at first base. We could toss a lot of flowery words in his direction but about the most impressing phrase as far as an athlete is concerned we could write is “he’s one athlete, yes, one in a million, who wouldn’t play on his reputation.” And we do mean one in a million. Lou Gehrig Drops From Yank Lineup Yesterday aftern^oon, Lou Gehrig voluntarily brought his great record of consecutive games played to a close at the remarkable number of 2,130. At the same time, as the aging Iron Horse sat on the bench, the Detroit Tigers were handed a stinging 22-2 defeat by the Yankees.
HAYS JEWELRY CO. EAST SIDE OF SQUARE fuwe: jewelry at moderate prices
Xr'mgar,..
A UT1 F U L
GYPSY ROSE-RED NaU enamel shade
hy REVLON
IriNGAR is the shade you will want to wear with navy blue^ black, grey, be%e; with cyclamen, japonica, fuchsia; with flower pastels; with chartreuse, lime and navy green; with yeflow and turquoise. Exotic, flattering, Tringar gives naOs dazsiing smartness... makes hands appear fairer, softer, lovdier. AN1>—like Jueltone—TRINGAR comes in three graduated toues: TRiNGAR-1 is Ught gypsy rose-red; tiungar-2, meiiam gypej rose^red; trirgar-3, dark gypsy rose-red.
LOEB&MCNE COMPANY
By Bob Swaim
A nemesis to most college baseball teams, hitting will be the subject for practice for the Riveter diamond squad in the remaining days before the Gala Week series with the heavy-hit-ting Cream and Crimson team. The Riveter batters will have to do some slugging to outhit the Hoosiers, led by Gwin, who is hitting at a .441 clip. He is followed by Corriden, Andres, and Danielson, who are slapping the ball for .351, .345 and .316 averages, respectively. This quartet of batters are all regulars in the lineup.
The Hoosiers are close to Purdue’s heels in the conference race with a record of 3 wins and only one defeat, and no doubt the two-game series with Indiana may be termed a crucial series in the race for first
place.
Catching Change No change in the Boilermaker lineup IS expected by Coach Fehring with the single exception of the backstop position, where Bud Fisher will draw the assignment for one of the games. Art Bredewater will be the receiver in the other game. The mound duty in the Friday game will fall to Bob Bailey, s^o^jiomore right hander. Appearing in five gam^s, Bailey has won 3 and lost one while striking out 21 batters and giving up 14 walks with 10 earned runs. Frosh-Varsity Today Since no games were scheduled for the first part of this week, Fehring announced that this afternoon at 4 o’clock the freshman baseball nine will oppose the varsity squad with the intentions of removing the rough edges of the Fehringmen incurred by the lack of action. The game is to be staged at Ross-Ade Field and will go the full nine-in-nings. ^ Originally the Louisiana State team was to play a return series with the Boilermakers on this date, but the series was cancelled earlier in the season. Hopes go up for the varsity nine rtaining their high winning percentage with the improvement of Arnold Bredewater’s pitching arm. Against Western Illinois Saturday Bredewater was called in to pitch and stop a ninth inning uprising. With a runner on second with none out, he proceeded to strike out two successive batters, retiring the side. With warmer weather close at hand, Fehring is hopeful the arm that is so important for the final stretch of the Big Ten pennant chase will round into shape and enable the senior veteran to resume the sparkling performances of last year that made him one of the loop’s two most effective pitchers.
Riveter Track Men TaMeet mini Here Saturday Morning Boilermaker track and field men will try to avenge a 76-66 defeat administered last year by Illinois U. when they meet the Illini Saturday morning at 10 o’clock. Illinois again has a squad that will push the Boilermakers to the limit, but the improved Purdue squad should hold their own in a meet that should prove to be close to the final event. In last year’s meet the Illini took all the places in the three field events for a 27 point lead. This year Weber and Kessler will try to prevent the Blue and Orange from getting any advantage in these field
events.
High Jumper Illinois boasts one of the finest high jumpers in the Middle West in a lad by the name of Diefenthaler. Diefenthaler took first in the high jump at the Drake Relays and at the Chicago Relays, and remains unbeaten in any dual meet this year. The Orange also have a discus tosser who finished fifth at the Drake meet with a toss of 149 feet, 20 feet further than any Boilermaker has accomplished. Competition For Gutting Steve Gutting will be forced to the limit in winning the high timbers, for Illinois also has a man who has run this event in :14.8. In last year’s meet Gutting did not even place, being beaten by Lemen of Purdue and two Illini. Intramural Schedule
BASRBALt,
Today
Diamond
1— Phi Kappa Psi vs. Delta Upsilon 2— Phi Delta Theta vs Pi Kappa Alpha 3— Beta Theta Pi vs Lambda Chi Alpha
4— Sigma Pi vs Theta Tau
5— Phi Kappa Sigma vs Beta Sigma Psi
6— Phi Pi Phi vs Sigma Chi. 7— ^Triangle vs Theta XI
8— Alpha Chi Rho vs Delta Tau Delta 9— Phi Gamma Delta vs Kappa Sigma 10—Tau Kappa Epsilon vs Sigma Phi Ep-
silon
Tau
TENNIS SINGLES
Today
4:15 p. m.
Alpha Kappa Lambda vs Alpha
Omega
Theta XI vs Phi Kappa Psi Pi Kappa Alpha vs Sigma Alpha Epsilon Sigma Nu vs. Tau Epsilon Phi Delta Chi vs Alpha Chi Rho
Roanoke College has been the educational starting place of more than 20 college presidents.
The number of widows in college towns is 10 per cent above the number in the average U. S. city.
West Side Office 132 Vine St. Phone 7278 —NOW for pick-up.
PROTECTION
pays big
DIVIDENDSl
Share Them by laying aside your whiter garments Cleaned-by-American and packed in REAL CEDARIZED Moth - iProcded Bags . . . andatNo Added Cost!
Don H Delay ^ this Important Protection for Pick-Up!
.Call Us
Phone 3085
American! Depen^hle Ihy Cleaners", '. %v V •* ’ ’ ' ' r ' f 'i ^ ‘ ,*, ’ ^’* * 'I
>
^toaxt ad/L
THE PURDUE EXPONENT
TloticaA.
.Wednesday# May 3, 1939
F. Hemmer Speaks At Ceres Meeting
Bridge Semi-Finalist To Meet In Ballroom
Floyd J. Hemmer, ’22, superintendent of the 6,800 acre Indiana state penal farm at Putnamville, spoke last night at an open meeting that^ was sponsc(red by Ceres, agricultural honorary, on “Managing Indiana’s Largest Farm.” Mr. Hemmer gave interesting sidelights on his experiences with convict laborers.
Winners in the annual Ceres essay contest were presented with medals and the Dickinson Cup in the upper class division, and the Ceres Essay Cup in the^reshman division. Upperclass winners were Dale C. Wicoff, first place; and Donald E. Wentzel, second. Freshmen winners were W. K. Bennett, first and K. W. Frischie, second.
Joe Rittenhouse To Give Exhibition Tomorrow At 4 p. m.
Joe Rittenhouse, EE ’39, will give an exhibit and demonstration of the electrical line equipment of James R. Kearney Corporation of St. Louis, Mo., in room 241 of the Electrical Engineering Building tomorrow at 4 p. m.
All participants in the campus bridge tournament who are qualified tp play in the semi-finals on Thursday night are to be present at the Union ballroom promptly at 7 o’clock, according to Julius Borne, tournament director. Those teams finishing above the halfway mark in their respective sections tomorrow night will be qualified to go into the final'Cround for the championship next week. The following teams are qualified for the semi-finals tomorrow night: Kappa Alpha Theta, The Duffers, Kappa Kappa Gamma, Beta Sigma Psi. Phi Gamma Delta No. 2, Phi Kappa No. 2, Four Aces, Sigma Alpha Epsilon, Chocolate Shop 4, Local No. 101, Pi Kappa Alpha, Delta Upsilon No. 1, Delta Upsilon No. 3, Black Buzzards, Theta Xi No. 1, Phi Gamma Delta No. 1, Sigma Phi Epsilon No. 1, Kappa Alpha Theta No. 2, Cary Club Aces, Sigma Nu No. 1, Alpha Chi, Tau Epsilon Phi B, Phi Kappa Nop. 1, Black Aces, Tau Epsilon Phi A, Cary Club Varsity, Four Deuces, Phi Delta Theta, Ricky Tickles, Four Voids, Beta Theta Pi, and Purdue Novices.
Rittenhouse bringing his equipment here for open house this weekend, will give the same demonstration before Prof. Ewing’s “Power Transmission and Distribution” class at 8 a. m. Friday morning.
Riding Club Gymkhana Will Include Events For Private Riding Horses
Rittenhouse graduated from the University this February and will receive his degree in June. Last semester he was an active member of the University’s affirmative debate team. He accepted a position with the Kearney Corp. immediately upon graduation.
Boswell To Speak Before Flying Club
Mrs. Florence Boswell, ranked as one of the foremost of women pilots, will speak on cross-country flying before a special open meeting of the Flying Club tomorrow evening at 7:30 o’clock in the reception room of the Union.
Alpha Kappa lambda...
Mrs. Boswell governs the north central section of the “99 Club,” an honorary organization of women flyers organized by Amelia Earheart. As an independent representative of the Cessna Aircraft Corporation, she has flown over most of the United States and parts of Canada.
In her talk tomorrow she will deal with blind and contact flsdng, and will also explain flying by radio beam. Flying Club officials invite anyone interested in aviation to attend the meeting.
Senate Revises(Continued from page 1)
them at the door Wednesday, May 8, at 6:46 p. m. before the banquet. —DUFPEY.
at 6 p. fn. in the Alpha Tau Omega house. Please be prompt. —CRAIG.
Two open classes for privately owned riding horses will be among the added features of the second annual Purdue Gymkhana, sponsored by the Riding Club under the auspices of the Student Union, and which will be held on Intramural Field Sunday afternoon. May 14, at 2:30. The Gymkhana is one of the features of the Mother’s Day celebration. Parents and visitors are urged by the club to see this program of 13 events which has been arranged by the committee in charge composed of Irvin Summers, chairman, Paul Cooper, Alice Martens, and Mary Mather. The open classes, added to the show for the first time this year, are expected to attract entries from the leading owners and breeders from all parts of the state.
The apportionment of the eight popularly elected juniors will also be similar to the present school distribution. The junior elections will be held in the spring at the same time as the sophomore elections. SECTION III. At the end of the junior year and from among the 16 members of the Senate (eight elected by popular vote and eight selected from among the sophomore workers by the senior board) eight members will be chosen by the Senior Board.
Fraternity House Managers: All fraternity house managers for next year please attend the fraternity president’s council meeting in the Reception room of the Union tonight, May 3, at 7:16. —DEAN.
Lafayette Philatelic Society: Important meeting Wednesday, May 3, at 7:80 p. m. in the Tippecanoe County Historical Museum at the corner of 7th and Main Streets, Lafayette. Officers will be elected. Tickets for the supper meeting May 9 will also be available. —MILLER.
Co-ed Forensic Managers: Meeting in room 808 of University Hall Tuesday and Wednesday, May 2 and 8, at 4 p. m. Bring fountain pens. —HINBK.
Gimlet: Important business meeting Thursday, May 4, at 7 :1B at the Phi Delta Theta House. All members and pledges are requested to be present. —SWAN.
Freshmen Co-eds: All freshmen co-eds who wish to be included on the sophomore editorial staff of the Exponent next year meet in room E of the Union Thursday, May 4, at 4:16. Anyone who wants to work on the paper and has not reported before should attend this meeting. —McKEE
Home Economics Banquet: Ticket sellers please bring tickets and money to WSGA office Wednesday, May 8, at 4 p. m. —BERRY.
Gold Pepper: Actives and pledges meet Wedneseday, May 3, at 4:80 p. m. in the WSGA office. —COOLEY.
“P” Men: Important meeting tonight at 7:16 in room 105 of Fleldhouse. -JOHNSON.
Sophomore and Freshmen Workers: Report to Student Union office Wednesday, May 3, at 4 p. m. Important. —HRUBY and DEMARS.
AIME Meeting: Wednesday, May 8, at 8 p m. in rooms 1 and 2 of the Union. —LOWN.
Purdue Peace Committee: Meet Wednesday, May 3, at 7:30 p. m. at 443 State Street. Election of officers. All members are urged to attend. —HOLLINGSWORTH.
Modem Dance Club: Rehearsal for Mother’s Day progaafHi Thursday, May 4, at 4 p. m at the Women’s gym, —HICKMAN.
WSGA Executive Board: Meeting at 7:45 p. m. Wednesday, May 3, in the WSGA office. —SICKMAN.
SECTION IV. This section deals with election of senior officers and will be managed very similarly to the present system, nominations by the senior board and from the floor and final voting b;^ the entire Senate body.
Girls’ Co-op House: All girls interested in forming a new co-operative house for next year meet in Room A of the Union, Wednesday, May 3, at 7:3(1 p. m. If it is impossible for you to be there call 71053. —BUNNELL.
Sons and Daughters of 1914 Grads: Please see Professor Stain at the 1914 table in the west hall of the Union building Friday, May 6, between 1 and 4 p. m. —STAIR.
Gold Pepper Pledges: Bring $2.76 to initiation service Wednesday, May 3, to be turned in to Lucy Jane Demoret o —COOLEY.
WAA Baseball: Chi O’s versus Kappa’s. Ward 2 and 4 versus Alpha XI, Wednesday, May 3. —COOK.
«p” . Important meeting in room 105 in the Fleldhouse Wednesday, May 3, at 7:1B p. m. Final plans for the bwquet will be discussed. All lettermen areSirged to attend. -JOHNSTON. Pi Tau Sigma: Seniors may obtain plaques and magazines from Riise at Acacia house. —HARVEY.
Size Reduced
Outstanding features of this new program are numerous. Freshmen Senators are eliminated. Size of the body is reduced for efficiency. Sophomores may become Senators by working (as in all other major activities) as well as by popular election, Student Senate will, under this new plan, become a full time activity instead of part time which should increase both the efficiency and power of the Senate.
Gold Pepper Actives, Fieuges: Initiation services will be held Wednesday, May 3, between 4 30 and 7 p m in the WSGA office —COOLEY
Student Faculty Committee: Meeting Wednesday, May 3, at 4 p. m in Room F of Union —WITWER.
ROTC Members—Corps Day formations for May 2nd and 4th are canceled. The Corps will be reviewed at 4 p. m., Friday, May 5th as a part of Gala Week exercises. —MORSE.
WAA Tennis: First round class and intramural tournaments should be played off by Friday, May 5 —MATHER.
Theta Alpha Phi: Important meeting Wednesday, May 3, at 4 _p. m. in the tower room of the Union Building. —HEINE.
Student-Faculty Tennis Tournament: Matches should be played off as soon as possible , —MATHER
WAA Archery: Tournament shooting, Wednesday, May 3, and Thursday, May 4, at 4.00 p. m —MOREHOUSE.
Cosmopolitan Club: All those wishing to go on the picnic Saturday, May 6, at 2 p m call C M Murray, 2174, by Friday noon. May 5 Cost will be twenty-five cents per person —AYASUN
Life Saving: Classes will be delayed one week because of pool repairs. 'The first class will be Monday, May 8, since the pool is not available on the regular day, Tuesday, May 9 (6-3) —RISSER.
Tau Beta Pi: All members who have not received tickets to the All-Engineering Banquet from other honoraries may obtain
Mortar Board: Important meeting Wednesday, May 3, in the WSGA office at 6 p. m. —WOOD
Catalyst: Initiation Wednesday, May 3,
MISCHLLANBO-US
TYPEWRITERS, all makes, standard and portable, sold, purchased, rented and repaired. New portable machines as low as $29.76. Supplies. C. F. Ebershoff, 606 Main street.
E. ROVER—CONTRACTOR for carpenter, cement and brick work. Excavating. Phone 4787.
PAPER HANGING asd cleaning. Phone 4802. Taylor.
WANTED—Apartment by two staff members for fail Call Miss Paddock after 4 "30 76604
FOR SALE
GLASS—^For autos, desks, dressers, furniture Mirrors. Wauthier’s Glass Shop. Phone 7949.
FOR SALE—Argus camera and enlarger. Priced for quick sale. Phone 36754
. . . social fraternity, announces the election of the following officers: Malcolm Ross, president; Fred Elley, vice-president; Woodrow Rifenburgh, recording secretary; Maurice Robertson, corresponding secretary; Leroy Smith, steward, and Rodney Ormiston, chaplain. The initiation of the following men is also announced; Rodney E. Ormiston, Fort V^ayne; John Reiner, Chicago, 111.; Maurice E. Robertson, Fort Wayne; Malcolm D. Ross, West Lafayette. Dr. H. B. Hass was elected an honorary member in the fraternity.
LOST AND FOUND
LOST—Folded $20 bill by student who needs the money badly Would appreciate the return of any part of it Phone 76772 W C Thiry
LOST—Log log trig slide rule Finder please call L. A. Stampil, 8421. Reward
LOST—A slide rule last Wed Name on case. If found call 2404 Reward
the Purdue Exponent Service / Directory
• Bookftores
• Professional /
"DEAC" Everything for ■ Collega Education H. G. REISNER
The Risk Denial Clinic RAUL A. M8IC-O,0J. haroldh: risk—DJ>5. LUTHER A. RISK—D.D.S. Schultz tulkflrw 4h and Main rnena 5701
a Florists
• lowelers
Dorner's Flower Shop Qualify Flowers Main at 7th Phona 6050
LYLE E. FISHER WATCHAAAKER Thia la all wa do# but wa da H vmM. Opfwolta Foot OMea Wallaca Block 322 Fany 8t.
• Play Golf
' Day and Night Driving Range —Now Open at— LINEE'S FIELDS lasasw Given — at Reasonable Rates Goff Oths Repaired
R. |. BATH Watchmaker 605 Main St,
IMPROVE YOUR DANCING BY ENROLLING IN OUR NEW ADVANCED CLASS WED., MAY 3rd MAKE-UP LESSON 7:00 P. M. P. M. Allen, Instructor Indiana's Largest Dancing School PHONE 2150
ALLEN’S 6th & Ferry
Sport Coats And Slacks
Never before has there been such a demand for this type of outfit’ For color and comfort in summer dress, these selections can't be topped. We have every combination of sport coat and trousers you could possibly want. You'll want one for sure this year. Select individually or in outfits.
INC.
WEST LAFAYETTE
Josephine Had That Extra Oomph!
Napoleon was putty in her hands—all because she
had that necessary oomph, sometimes referred to as zip. Your car can have it too. Our dependable greasing and lubricating service keeps your car young and responsive. Drive in this
week for a Spring greasing.
PETER ANDERSON GARAGE
24 Hour Service 525 Alabama Sfreet
After You We Come First Phone 4048
Scrivener Subscribers: Following subscribers get their current copies at the office any afternoon before May 6: Buck, Johnson, Gordon, Cassman, Alburn, Page, Strong, Schafer, Gerstung. —PAARLBERG.
Fraternity Presidents: Regular meeting of fraternity presidents will be held Wednesday, May 3, at 7:15 p. m. in the Union. Both incoming and outgoing officers must be present. Full attendance is necessary. -HEAN.
English I, Spelling Class and Exam: A spelling class will meet Monday through Friday, May 1-5, at 6 o’clock, in room 101, Education Building. Your instructor will give a make-up test soon after the conclusion of the class. First semester studente, with C’s for spelling, whose instructors are no longer here, should come to room 211, University Hall, on Monday aHernoon, May 8, at 6 o’clock. —WYKOFF.
i h.
t